<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Untitled document</title>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <style type="text/css">ol{margin:0;padding:0}table td,table th{padding:0}.c0{color:#000000;font-weight:400;text-decoration:none;vertical-align:baseline;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial";font-style:normal}.c1{padding-top:0pt;padding-bottom:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left;height:11pt}.c4{padding-top:20pt;padding-bottom:6pt;line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}.c7{color:#000000;font-weight:400;text-decoration:none;vertical-align:baseline;font-size:20pt;font-family:"Arial";font-style:normal}.c3{color:#000000;font-weight:400;text-decoration:none;vertical-align:baseline;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial";font-style:italic}.c2{padding-top:0pt;padding-bottom:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}.c6{font-style:italic}.c5{background-color:#ffffff}.title{padding-top:0pt;color:#000000;font-size:26pt;padding-bottom:3pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}.subtitle{padding-top:0pt;color:#666666;font-size:15pt;padding-bottom:16pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}li{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}p{margin:0;color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}h1{padding-top:20pt;color:#000000;font-size:20pt;padding-bottom:6pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h2{padding-top:18pt;color:#000000;font-size:16pt;padding-bottom:6pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h3{padding-top:16pt;color:#434343;font-size:14pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h4{padding-top:14pt;color:#666666;font-size:12pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h5{padding-top:12pt;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h6{padding-top:12pt;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;font-style:italic;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}</style>
  </head>
  <body class="c5 doc-content">
    <h1 class="c4" id="h.dtrhoxwtnyi7">
      <span class="c7">
        Whisper’s Bay 
        <br/>
        Episode 1: Not a Magic Tea Shop
      </span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Half-inflated dodge balls to the face hurt a lot more than Luni expected. Teachers scrambled out of the gym stage door. The two teenagers threw balls at each other. The other high school theatre students surrounded them, cheering and hollering. The two fought like wild beasts over a lost camper's peanut butter jar. Taylor picked up one of the dozen balls the kids tossed to her and threw it hard at Luni’s face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni stepped back and felt her busted lip with her tongue, tasting blood and peppermint lip balm. “You are a psychopath Taylor!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m the psychopath?” Taylor screamed. Her long black hair covered her eyes, she gritted her teeth in anger staring at Luni. “How could you?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It was an accident! I didn’t give you the wrong monologue on purpose!” Luni watched Mr. Benkers and Mrs. Sanders approach to pulling them apart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You did this on purpose! That’s why no one likes you looney freak! You bottom of the bag piece of candy corn!! You’re going to end up with some loser who doesn’t give a crap about you. I trusted you! I read that entire monologue you gave in front of everyone. I’ll show you a dead shark you purple rose of Cairo!!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Before Taylor had the chance to throw one last ball, the teachers arrived to separate the girls. Taylor fought on. Mrs. Sanders struggled to keep her back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I wanted that part! You’re jealous because I picked the play instead of you.” Taylor said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“YES,” Luni said aloud instead of in her head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni watched as Mr. Benkers let go of her and joined Mrs. Sanders in escorting Taylor away. Tears filled her eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I wanted you to fail so you would have to hang out with me.” She whispered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I better never see you again!” Taylor screamed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She had hopes of going back to the coastal city Taylor talked about nonstop. She had shown her snapshots she had taken. One of the sun over the beach, a massive tree in the middle of a park, and an owl walking down the middle of Highway 101. From those photos, and from when Luni and Taylor road-tripped there, she found herself in love. Of what, or where that love was placed, she wasn’t sure. She didn’t want to think about it. Only the thought of being close to Taylor had mattered. There was no hope of that now. Little by little the realization of the consequences of her actions crept in. The harder her fist clenched., the more it hurt.  She had ruined everything.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">In the five years since that moment, Luni had remembered those words. The feeling of worthlessness lingered, and she heard Taylor’s voice in her head night after night. Her dreams of visiting the coastal city of Whispher's Bay day by day, faded. She often thought of Taylor, standing by the tree in the park. And the thought every time would drag her back into the endless pit of regret.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Don’t. Panic. Luni said to herself five years later. As if she expected to take her own advice in her state of panic. She dialed his number and called for the twenty-seventh time in the past two hours. Where was Kevin?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Though Kevin was flaky, and usually was missing cabs and flights, birthday parties, even his own, or any event where her friends might be there, Luni knew he would always call back with some half-believable vague excuse. But this time felt different. And out of all places for him to do his typical thing of sucking, he had to pick the day before they planned to elope.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The hotel attendant didn’t know the front desk had a phone, much less how to dial out of it. This seemed unreasonable to Luni. Who was not in the mood to watch an employee mess around with a 35-year-old phone. Luni, now in her mid-twenties, stood in an open-shouldered pink top, with a black leather skirt and black sneakers, with pink trim. Rainwater dripped from her shoulder-length black hair. She tugged at her overstuffed travel bag with New Mexico tags. Kevin had planned to fly in and meet her there. But after four hours, and countless calls he was still missing. There had been weekends he had returned home late after hanging out with friends, but this was new. Finally, The attendant pulled a vegetable out of a drawer. Luni stared, confused. The attendant tapped on the phone, whispered several words, and handed her the phone. After fumbling with the confusing rotary phone, she entered her boyfriend's number.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s not so easy is it?” The attendant asked. She pulled at the collar of the too-tight uniform that had seen the inside of an industrial dryer too many times. “But you have the honeymoon suite reserved. And I can’t let you in until we see the credit card used…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yeah, I get it.” Luni snapped.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The woman waited while listening to the ringing. Something must have happened. Luni’s stomach turned at the sound of “inbox full.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She shook her head at the attendant, named Lizzy if the tag she wore was to be believed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Maybe you can go ask people downtown if they have seen him?” Said Lizzie. “Sometimes people get lost trying to find us. There’s a lot of hotels here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“He told me not to leave the hotel,” Luni said as she chewed on her left fingernails. “He must know where the building is. If I leave he might not find me, and if he doesn’t find me he is going to think I wouldn’t wait for me and that is the furthest from the truth. Lizzie is it? Look. my boyfriend is famous to some people, If you let me in his people will…I have nowhere to go and I can’t afford to get my own room, Kevin keeps all my money for me and.. I can’t lose him too!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m sure he’s famous,” said the attendant, not believing her story. Or being used to people's name-dropping at a popular tourist destination. “But I can’t.” She continued. “I have somewhere I have to be. I have to make up for something.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“He told me if he gets here and I’m not here in that room, he is going to dump me. Please, you can’t do this to me. He is my one and only, please please don’t do this. I can’t afford to stay in this city for even a night. Or on this entire coast. Tap beer is more expensive than bottles here, I can’t afford this kind of life. ”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Lizzie shrugged. “The next girl is on in 10 minutes. You can ask her, or go find a “normal” in town and see if they’ve seen him.” Lizzie went around to the other side of the L-shaped desk into the room to the right. Which was supposed to have coffee for the guests but only had old Taco Shack and salt packets out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She found herself outside standing, frustrated, with her luggage in the rain under the hotel yawing. She spit out part of a nail she was chewing on before looking back towards the city's main street. Distant light bulbs flashed from a towering theater sign.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Why is this happening to me? She thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She had forty bucks in her pocket that Celestia had given her, knowing she had not a dime to her name. Luni argued she needed to marry Kevin. She was nothing without him, helpless, and the dozens of negatives about their relationship were nothing to worry about. Every couple has their highs and lows, and just because it felt like all lows wasn’t a good reason to end a relationship. Celestia said she did not trust any man named “Kevin” and offered the money. Despite Luni’s protests.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">For thirty minutes she waited there outside the hotel until a car splashed a wave of puddle water from the street onto her face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Breaking into deep sobs, she made herself small and sat on the sidewalk with her hands over her head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“This is all my fault.” She said. “It always is. I must have messed something up. I cooked the wrong egg. I…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Only then did she decide to take the attendant's advice. Even though she risked angering Kevin's neurotic plans with her. She had no other choice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She walked towards the bar, hoping to find whatever the attendant meant by “normal”. The crosswalk sign barked at her “WAIT”. Mist of coastal winds blew by, carrying the faint scent of salt and seaweed. She saw a sign posted on a building that read “Not a Magical tea shop.” The place was tucked between an antique shop and a retro pizza parlor. Yellow flowers perked out of planter boxes on both sides of the front glass door. Melodic piano music played from inside.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Still waiting on the crosswalk, she leaned over and peeked inside. Still, she struggled with the idea of an actual tea shop. Complete with an advertisement for cucumber sandwiches. The crosswalk still had not changed, so Luni stepped closer to the shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">As she did, someone put up a sign. Written in official-looking letters read: Closed due to violations of town code.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni blinked a few times, trying to figure out how a tea shop could get so dirty it would have to be closed. Were they raising and racing cockroaches? The crosswalk belted again “Cross!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She walked into the pouring rain, getting halfway across before the light switched to red. She dodged a pickup, making it to the curb barely in time. She turned back towards the shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Trying not to focus on how weird the coastal city was, her mind returned to the present situation. She was stuck, with no money, no fiancee, and no place to go. In a state where a studio apartment goes for one thousand dollars at least. She rationalized. Perhaps Kevin’s flight had been delayed. Maybe she was freaking out for no reason, and the dream of being married by her favorite tree in the Whispher's Bay Park would happen. They were so close to finally making their wedding a reality after so many months of uncertainty in their relationship. He had sworn that he was going to try harder and make everything okay. But where was he?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something else troubled her. When Kevin had suggested Whispher's Bay as a wedding location, she jumped at the chance. Not thinking Taylor might still live there. Possibly with dodgeballs still.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">With this in mind, she walked into what she thought was the bar. She took a seat on a stool with one leg shorter than the other. It seemed to make soft “wee” and “woo” noises every time it rocked back and forth from Luni’s nervous habit. Before she could respond to this ridiculous thing happening in front of her, a woman with long blonde hair and a white tank top walked over. She asked what Luni was having. Luni put her feet on her suitcase so the chair would stop making noises.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Anything in a lager,” Luni said. “Have you seen a man about a foot taller than I am? Spiky side part? Wearing a dress shirt and slacks?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The girl raised her eyebrows at the question. “Did I forget to turn off the charm?” She mumbled. “That’s how I got this violation…I mean. Do you even know where you are?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni didn’t know how to reply. She looked around, realizing she had not walked across the street as she had thought. But had somehow wandered into the tea shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The shop had a lot of antiques displayed on the shelves above. From baseball mitts to ashtrays shaped like devils, to a clear barrel that looked like it had hardened food inside. Some items seemed to be statues carved out of bits and pieces of bone and leather. Unfamiliar scents loafed in the air, and not of tea. It smelt of excitement and mystery. The place looked disgusting though.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh, I’m so sorry. I thought I was going somewhere else.” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That’s what everyone says who ends up here.” The blonde said, breaking one of the bone structures, and expelling yellow dust all over the room. “I’m closed. If you want some tea I can get you something if you don’t tell anyone I’m serving you. I am screwed on rent if I don’t sell something fast. Maybe something to mellow you out? We have camomile, green tea, thunder brew... Wait, wait wait, no, not thunder brew. That’s not for sale.” The woman removed the jar marked “Skull Flower Tea” from the glass display.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something in this piqued Luni’s interest, but she didn’t ask about it. “My fiance isn’t here. We are getting married, but he’s not here and he’s not answering my calls and I need help and…” Her voice trembled as she held back tears.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The girl played with about five or six handcrafted arm bracelets on her wrists before saying. “Oh. He told you to fly here to your dream location and now is not answering his phone. Is that right?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yes. I tried using the hotel's phone.” Luni said, “It wouldn’t go through.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something from inside a cabinet vibrated and rattled. A voice spoke from within “Delivery required! All employees of Future Treats are now required to make mandatory deliveries.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oof. You can’t use that phone.” She said, removing a white, shaking box and placing it in the back of the shop. She shouted to her customer. “Hold on, I can help you. Don’t tell anyone. Your man randomly says let's get married, I’m going to send you on a plane to that one place you’ve always wanted to go to?” She rolled her eyes.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She returned with a small beat-up cardboard box. After placing it at the bar, she lifted it and invited Luni to look inside. She did.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature in the box moo-ed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni leaned forward, glaring in astonishment. “Is. That a tiny breathing, tiny cow in a box? Why is it in a box???”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The girl looked horrified. “Oh. Wrong box. It was supposed to have a note in it saying your boyfriend is breaking up with you. I see this all the time here. I mixed up my joke boxes, never mind what you see in there.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">” What do you mean, my boyfriend is breaking up with me?” Luni said, not giving the box back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The woman shook her head and zero-ed out the register. She checked that the citation notice was still on the glass doors.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It is always why these types of things happen.” The woman finally said. “He’s married. Or has someone else in mind? He lured you here before ghosting you, giving you a nice vacation while you deal with reality.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Kevin would never do that to me,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh. His name is Kevin.” She laughed. “Okay. Go ahead. Tell me how Kevin would never do such a thing. Go ahead.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“... Actually, I don’t want to. What’s wrong with Kevin?” Luni said, leaning back on the stool, making a wee noise, slumping her shoulders.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“‘Cause every Kevin is. A Kevin. Duh. If you don’t believe me, Give me his number.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">What would she want with Kevin’s number, Luni wondered. She decided to find out. She entered Kevin's number in the woman's phone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Are you at least going to let the cow out of the box?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The cow is not important!” The woman put the call on speaker.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“‘Ello,” Kevin answered. “This must be the escort I hired, you’re late. Is this like a pizza delivered? Do I get it for free?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh hello, Kevin.” The woman said. “Funny how you answer when I call, but not your fiance. You even memorized the hotel's number so you wouldn’t have to pick up her call. Yes. My number is out of state. No, I’m not your escort. Wow, Kevin. No, I don’t know you, you are easy to predict. She’s right here, if you’d like to tell her yourself… oh.” The girl had been having fun with the whole situation, but her heart sank when she heard he did not want to speak to her. For the first time, she looked at her, Luni knew. Her face scrunched, and her skin grew pale.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay, jerk.” The girl said, ending the call. “I’m sorry. I see it a lot here for some reason. Usually, the guy is named Kevin. Sometimes Chris. Guys suck.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni said not a word but looked at the wooden floorboards of the strange tea shop.  Colorful dust swirled with the ceiling fan above.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She sat hard into her chair, which made a loud “weee” sound,  and placed the box back on the counter, looking cold and lifeless. She stood and backed away towards the doors.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Where are you going to go?” The girl asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni took another look around. Something about her appearance seemed off, unnatural.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Who are you? What is this place?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m Braylynn.” She said. “Knowing my name doesn’t help you though. I need you out of here, I’m late for an important meeting. Meeting. Thing.” At this, she placed the cow box inside a cabinet. After pressing a button on the register, something chimed. Birds flew across the room, diving to collect trash and straightening the room. Luni fell to her knees and covered her head, having watched The Birds one too many times. When she realized she was not under attack, she turned to a shocked Braylnn, unprepared for what to say next.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Wow. I think we have a bird. Problem.” Branlyn answered, her lips twitching and her tongue smacking. “It um. That was unexpected, wasn’t it?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni narrowed her eyes. “I knew it. There is no such thing as a tea shop. I mean, who are you even kidding? Cucumber sandwiches? That’s not real. This is all fake. Kevin is not dumping me. That cow is fake!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Braylynn shook her head. “No, Mr. Spotini is real and super not chill.” Her face changed to a sour one. “No! I mean. It’s. An animatronic. There’s a gas leak in here sometimes, that’s why I got the fine. So. This is all a figment of your imagination.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Is this a magic tea shop?” Luni demanded.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“... gas leak. Very dangerous. Every second you stand there, a brain cell dies.” Branlyn remarked, motioning to the door before looking at the clock mounted above the exit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Did Kevin dump me?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Branlyn nodded. “Again, I don’t have time for this. You need some fresh air before you…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni broke down in tears, sobbing . Try as she may, she could not force herself to walk out the door. Instead, she stood. Crying.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Awkwardly, Braylynn leaned over for a pat. “There. There.” She said stiffly. “Okay. I get it. Your entire world has been destroyed.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni cried harder at this. For the final time, Braylynn’s eyes turned to the clock striking 11 o'clock. She knew it would take some time to get to her “meeting.” There were no moments to spare.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“New plan.” She said to Luni. “You are going to hang out here, upstairs in the spare apartment until I get back. Okay? Touch nothing, and don’t tell anyone you were here. There’s food, I think, don’t touch the Chinese takeout from a month ago. And don’t bother the cow. Okay? Upstairs you go, come on.” She led her upstairs, let her into the spare room, and ran down the street in the rain. Luni watched her wander into the forest from the window above the shop. Braylynn went alone, carrying a stick and what looked like a carrot strapped to her waist. Although she wasn’t positive of this silliness. All she knew was life was not as she knew it. And there would be no going back to how things were before.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After bawling her eyes out on the phone to her friend Celeste, she felt drained and purposeless. All her friend said was “I told you so.” which might seem blunt, but that’s how she is. Things were too "perfect", she thought, looking back on everything. All the different random meet-ups in differing coffee shops, never in the same place seemed odd now. Though it’s an obvious red flag to everyone else in the universe. How he used to leave the room to answer his phone, lowering his voice so she couldn’t hear. The evidence of this being a bad idea had been in front of her, but she hadn’t known what a warning sign looked like.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She went exploring the apartment. The two bedrooms were tiny, and the kitchen and living room weren’t much bigger, but enough for a person to stand at the stove and crack an egg. Luni had seen some apartments in New York City where this would have been an impossibility. Cute figures scattered throughout the dish cabinets and granite countertops brought a crt a creepy charm to the place. They looked like charms, made from different flowers and sticks made to resemble people. It looked cute enough not to be creepy and looked like it took much skill to craft. Whatever was inside of the glass figures sitting on the window seemed to be screaming.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c6">Maybe there is a gas leak.</span>
      <span> She thought. </span>
      <span class="c3">Maybe that’s why this is all surreal. Everything in this tea shop seems so. Mystical. Like Taylor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She noticed one of these figures sprouting leaves that seemed to wave at her. When she heard a loud moo from the shop below. She rushed to the voice coming from inside the cabinet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c6">They aren’t your things, leave them alone.</span>
      <span> She thought. </span>
      <span class="c3">But yet. It is a cow. Trapped in a box. I’d be ticked if I were trapped in a box all day. No one wants to be crammed in a tiny space.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">So she opened the cabinet, knowing what Braylynn had said, and lifted the lid of the box. The white cow looked up, almost looking to smile. It kicked with its hooves and pranced about.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The poor guy wants out. Called him Mr. Spotini. Luni Thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She reached out and petted the soft smooth fur of the creature. The instant she cupped her hands to lift the cow out of the box, it leaped. It made a happy moo-ing sound, danced in a circle, and headed to the double doors. It pawed at the glass, motioning with its head towards the outside world. It's a tail-wagged.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can’t let you out, cow,” Luni said, kneeling behind it. “As much as I want to let you out. You’re going to hang out with me, and help me get over this awful feeling I’m having about Kevin.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The cow dashed at the door with a gallop. It slammed its body against the glass, sending shards scattering everywhere. The rain blew in from outside, and the cow leaped over the sharp pieces and crossed the road.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni ran out, missing an oncoming car by inches. She yelled to the driver her apologies as she finished crossing the street. She entered the bar. For real this time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The clattering of hooves echoed off of the repurposed boat flooring. Luni could hear, but could not see the cow. A confused tall bartender looked to the woman who had walked in, who stared hard at the ground in panic.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Did you see a cow walk in here?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The bartender acted like you would expect. She placed her hands on her hips for a moment, trying to gauge if the woman was serious. A man hunched over at the bar turned. His eyes and face appeared tired. Aged with sadness, the typical bar person one often sees. The bartender gave a glance, seeing his fourth cup of Jack and Coke of the night gone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“We all know she’s not crazy.” The man said, feeling the condensation on the outside of his empty glass. “We know weird things are coming out of the tea shop next door. I’ll take another drink.”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">*“Not now Mr. Whitaker” The woman spoke, looking at the known troublemaker.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“NO!” He stood and faced Luni, stumbling towards her. “It’s about time one of us finally said something about what is going on next door!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She spotted the cow in the back behind the counter, in the kitchen where a small oil fryer bubbled. It looked with curiosity at the burning hot liquid. Instead, she tried to focus on the emotional man, whose words were spat out in anger.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It's magic. And you are a part of it.” He said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Magic isn’t real. It’s a gimmick,” The bartender said in a soothing voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni backed a step towards the door. The cow turned to her and then looked back to the oil.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There’s a gas leak,” Luni said. “I don’t think there’s anything…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Gas leak!” The man spat before he reached for his glass and sucked on the remaining ice cubes. “There hasn’t been gas in that building since the fire in 87. I’m tired of pretending everyone doesn’t know. And I’m going to do something about it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The others in the room talked louder and turned away. Trying to act normal.  A man put some coins into a video poker machine on the far end of the bar, pretending to not hear the conversation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Next round is on the house, Mr. Whitaker.” The bartender said. “If you’ll let it be the last of the night, and if you give me your keys and let Barb take you home.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The man sat, still looking at the woman. “I won't turn down a free drink. But I’m serious. I’m going to prove it someday.” He handed over his keys.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After pouring his final drink and placing his keys under a stack of glasses, the bartender motioned the Luni to the back. The cow still stared at the hot oil. She walked behind the counter, meeting the eyes of the man for a moment as she passed. The cow slipped out the back as a cook left to take a smoke break. The woman waved her on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Don’t mind him.” She said to Luni while taking the moment to start the industrial-sized dishwasher and to pull the fries out of the oil. “He lost his kid to a long illness a while back. Always comes in, cursing about the tea shop next door. He thinks they should have done something to help his kid.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Someone leaned over the counter and yelled to the back. “Hey Cali, can I get a burger and another beer? Grilled onions? In the burger, I don’t want grilled onions in my beer.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can’t, I have a thing I have to get to.” She said, cursing at the late hour. “My point is, you shouldn’t be talking about those things. Weird things. Cow things. Don’t draw attention to it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni didn’t understand. “I’m not supposed to draw attention to a tiny cow running around?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“If it came from that shop, then no.” She said, “In fact, I’d never speak of it again if I were you. The people who run the town don’t like it when word gets around about it. Funny talk.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“But,” Luni said. “Someone is going to get upset their tiny cow is on the loose.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The oil burst into flames and reached high towards the ceiling. The cook had returned for a lighter. The cow had peeked its head inside the door, staring at the flames with a devilish smile. The embers reflected in its eyes. It smiled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Quick!” Cali yelled. “Wet a towel!” She ran for the fire extinguisher, but Luni had already run out the door after the cow into the street.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After running into the rain, she gave up. Tired, and confused, she felt overall not great about the general state of her life. When the rising smoke cleared from the bar, she breathed a deep sigh of relief before running on to keep searching for Mr. Spotini.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A car nearby exploded. Metal flew. She rolled behind another vehicle before realizing how horrible of an idea that was, with a fire-happy cow running around. She looked for a non-explodable cover and soon; she spotted the cow on the street near a drain of rushing water. For a moment it wagged its tail before bolting.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni placed a hand over her mouth and shook from the cold. “I should have left the cow in the box.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She charged at the creature, who stampeded off into an open building. Luni rushed and placed her full weight on the door to trap the cow inside. She found a piece of scrap wood nearby and jammed it between the door handles. The door jam would have to do until she returned with the creature's owner.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A sign hung over the complex. She read it. “Whisper’s Bay mining and dynamite museum.” A painting of a man with a tin hat giving a thumbs up on the side stared at her.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">That’s why I do nothing. Because I can’t do anything right. Luni thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
