<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>wb</title>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <style type="text/css">ol{margin:0;padding:0}table td,table th{padding:0}.c4{padding-top:20pt;padding-bottom:6pt;line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left;height:20pt}.c3{color:#000000;font-weight:400;text-decoration:none;vertical-align:baseline;font-size:20pt;font-family:"Arial";font-style:normal}.c7{padding-top:20pt;padding-bottom:6pt;line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}.c0{color:#000000;font-weight:400;text-decoration:none;vertical-align:baseline;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial";font-style:normal}.c1{padding-top:0pt;padding-bottom:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left;height:11pt}.c6{color:#000000;font-weight:400;text-decoration:none;vertical-align:baseline;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}.c2{padding-top:0pt;padding-bottom:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}.c8{background-color:#ffffff}.c5{font-style:italic}.title{padding-top:0pt;color:#000000;font-size:26pt;padding-bottom:3pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}.subtitle{padding-top:0pt;color:#666666;font-size:15pt;padding-bottom:16pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}li{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}p{margin:0;color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}h1{padding-top:20pt;color:#000000;font-size:20pt;padding-bottom:6pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h2{padding-top:18pt;color:#000000;font-size:16pt;padding-bottom:6pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h3{padding-top:16pt;color:#434343;font-size:14pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h4{padding-top:14pt;color:#666666;font-size:12pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h5{padding-top:12pt;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}h6{padding-top:12pt;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;padding-bottom:4pt;font-family:"Arial";line-height:1.15;page-break-after:avoid;font-style:italic;orphans:2;widows:2;text-align:left}</style>
  </head>
  <body class="c8 doc-content">
    <h1 class="c7" id="h.dtrhoxwtnyi7">
      <span class="c3">
        Whisper’s Bay 
        <br/>
        Episode 1: Not a Magic Tea Shop
      </span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Half-inflated dodge balls to the face hurt a lot more than Luni expected. Teachers scrambled out of the gym stage door. The two teenagers threw balls at each other. The other high school theatre students surrounded them, cheering and hollering. The two fought like wild beasts over a lost camper's peanut butter jar. Taylor picked up one of the dozen balls the kids tossed to her and threw it hard at Luni’s face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni stepped back and felt her busted lip with her tongue, tasting blood and peppermint lip balm. “You are a psychopath Taylor!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m the psychopath?” Taylor screamed. Her long black hair covered her eyes, she gritted her teeth in anger staring at Luni. “How could you?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It was an accident! I didn’t give you the wrong monologue on purpose!” Luni watched Mr. Benkers and Mrs. Sanders approach to pulling them apart.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You did this on purpose! That’s why no one likes you looney freak! You bottom of the bag piece of candy corn!! You’re going to end up with some loser who doesn’t give a crap about you. I trusted you! I read that entire monologue you gave in front of everyone. I’ll show you a dead shark you purple rose of Cairo!!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Before Taylor had the chance to throw one last ball, the teachers arrived to separate the girls. Taylor fought on. Mrs. Sanders struggled to keep her back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I wanted that part! You’re jealous because I picked the play instead of you.” Taylor said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“YES,” Luni said aloud instead of in her head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni watched as Mr. Benkers let go of her and joined Mrs. Sanders in escorting Taylor away. Tears filled her eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I wanted you to fail so you would have to hang out with me.” She whispered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I better never see you again!” Taylor screamed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She had hopes of going back to the coastal city Taylor talked about nonstop. She had shown her snapshots she had taken. One of the sun over the beach, a massive tree in the middle of a park, and an owl walking down the middle of Highway 101. From those photos, and from when Luni and Taylor road-tripped there, she found herself in love. Of what, or where that love was placed, she wasn’t sure. She didn’t want to think about it. Only the thought of being close to Taylor had mattered. There was no hope of that now. Little by little the realization of the consequences of her actions crept in. The harder her fist clenched., the more it hurt.  She had ruined everything.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">In the five years since that moment, Luni had remembered those words. The feeling of worthlessness lingered, and she heard Taylor’s voice in her head night after night. Her dreams of visiting the coastal city of Whispher's Bay day by day, faded. She often thought of Taylor, standing by the tree in the park. And the thought every time would drag her back into the endless pit of regret.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Don’t. Panic. Luni said to herself five years later. As if she expected to take her own advice in her state of panic. She dialed his number and called for the twenty-seventh time in the past two hours. Where was Kevin?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Though Kevin was flaky, and usually was missing cabs and flights, birthday parties, even his own, or any event where her friends might be there, Luni knew he would always call back with some half-believable vague excuse. But this time felt different. And out of all places for him to do his typical thing of sucking, he had to pick the day before they planned to elope.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The hotel attendant didn’t know the front desk had a phone, much less how to dial out of it. This seemed unreasonable to Luni. Who was not in the mood to watch an employee mess around with a 35-year-old phone. Luni, now in her mid-twenties, stood in an open-shouldered pink top, with a black leather skirt and black sneakers, with pink trim. Rainwater dripped from her shoulder-length black hair. She tugged at her overstuffed travel bag with New Mexico tags. Kevin had planned to fly in and meet her there. But after four hours, and countless calls he was still missing. There had been weekends he had returned home late after hanging out with friends, but this was new. Finally, The attendant pulled a vegetable out of a drawer. Luni stared, confused. The attendant tapped on the phone, whispered several words, and handed her the phone. After fumbling with the confusing rotary phone, she entered her boyfriend's number.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s not so easy is it?” The attendant asked. She pulled at the collar of the too-tight uniform that had seen the inside of an industrial dryer too many times. “But you have the honeymoon suite reserved. And I can’t let you in until we see the credit card used…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yeah, I get it.” Luni snapped.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The woman waited while listening to the ringing. Something must have happened. Luni’s stomach turned at the sound of “inbox full.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She shook her head at the attendant, named Lizzy if the tag she wore was to be believed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Maybe you can go ask people downtown if they have seen him?” Said Lizzie. “Sometimes people get lost trying to find us. There’s a lot of hotels here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“He told me not to leave the hotel,” Luni said as she chewed on her left fingernails. “He must know where the building is. If I leave he might not find me, and if he doesn’t find me he is going to think I wouldn’t wait for me and that is the furthest from the truth. Lizzie is it? Look. my boyfriend is famous to some people, If you let me in his people will…I have nowhere to go and I can’t afford to get my own room, Kevin keeps all my money for me and.. I can’t lose him too!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m sure he’s famous,” said the attendant, not believing her story. Or being used to people's name-dropping at a popular tourist destination. “But I can’t.” She continued. “I have somewhere I have to be. I have to make up for something.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“He told me if he gets here and I’m not here in that room, he is going to dump me. Please, you can’t do this to me. He is my one and only, please please don’t do this. I can’t afford to stay in this city for even a night. Or on this entire coast. Tap beer is more expensive than bottles here, I can’t afford this kind of life. ”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Lizzie shrugged. “The next girl is on in 10 minutes. You can ask her, or go find a “normal” in town and see if they’ve seen him.” Lizzie went around to the other side of the L-shaped desk into the room to the right. Which was supposed to have coffee for the guests but only had old Taco Shack and salt packets out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She found herself outside standing, frustrated, with her luggage in the rain under the hotel yawing. She spit out part of a nail she was chewing on before looking back towards the city's main street. Distant light bulbs flashed from a towering theater sign.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Why is this happening to me? She thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She had forty bucks in her pocket that Celestia had given her, knowing she had not a dime to her name. Luni argued she needed to marry Kevin. She was nothing without him, helpless, and the dozens of negatives about their relationship were nothing to worry about. Every couple has their highs and lows, and just because it felt like all lows wasn’t a good reason to end a relationship. Celestia said she did not trust any man named “Kevin” and offered the money. Despite Luni’s protests.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">For thirty minutes she waited there outside the hotel until a car splashed a wave of puddle water from the street onto her face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Breaking into deep sobs, she made herself small and sat on the sidewalk with her hands over her head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“This is all my fault.” She said. “It always is. I must have messed something up. I cooked the wrong egg. I…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Only then did she decide to take the attendant's advice. Even though she risked angering Kevin's neurotic plans with her. She had no other choice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She walked towards the bar, hoping to find whatever the attendant meant by “normal”. The crosswalk sign barked at her “WAIT”. Mist of coastal winds blew by, carrying the faint scent of salt and seaweed. She saw a sign posted on a building that read “Not a Magical tea shop.” The place was tucked between an antique shop and a retro pizza parlor. Yellow flowers perked out of planter boxes on both sides of the front glass door. Melodic piano music played from inside.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Still waiting on the crosswalk, she leaned over and peeked inside. Still, she struggled with the idea of an actual tea shop. Complete with an advertisement for cucumber sandwiches. The crosswalk still had not changed, so Luni stepped closer to the shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">As she did, someone put up a sign. Written in official-looking letters read: Closed due to violations of town code.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni blinked a few times, trying to figure out how a tea shop could get so dirty it would have to be closed. Were they raising and racing cockroaches? The crosswalk belted again “Cross!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She walked into the pouring rain, getting halfway across before the light switched to red. She dodged a pickup, making it to the curb barely in time. She turned back towards the shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Trying not to focus on how weird the coastal city was, her mind returned to the present situation. She was stuck, with no money, no fiancee, and no place to go. In a state where a studio apartment goes for one thousand dollars at least. She rationalized. Perhaps Kevin’s flight had been delayed. Maybe she was freaking out for no reason, and the dream of being married by her favorite tree in the Whispher's Bay Park would happen. They were so close to finally making their wedding a reality after so many months of uncertainty in their relationship. He had sworn that he was going to try harder and make everything okay. But where was he?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something else troubled her. When Kevin had suggested Whispher's Bay as a wedding location, she jumped at the chance. Not thinking Taylor might still live there. Possibly with dodgeballs still.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">With this in mind, she walked into what she thought was the bar. She took a seat on a stool with one leg shorter than the other. It seemed to make soft “wee” and “woo” noises every time it rocked back and forth from Luni’s nervous habit. Before she could respond to this ridiculous thing happening in front of her, a woman with long blonde hair and a white tank top walked over. She asked what Luni was having. Luni put her feet on her suitcase so the chair would stop making noises.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Anything in a lager,” Luni said. “Have you seen a man about a foot taller than I am? Spiky side part? Wearing a dress shirt and slacks?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The girl raised her eyebrows at the question. “Did I forget to turn off the charm?” She mumbled. “That’s how I got this violation…I mean. Do you even know where you are?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni didn’t know how to reply. She looked around, realizing she had not walked across the street as she had thought. But had somehow wandered into the tea shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The shop had a lot of antiques displayed on the shelves above. From baseball mitts to ashtrays shaped like devils, to a clear barrel that looked like it had hardened food inside. Some items seemed to be statues carved out of bits and pieces of bone and leather. Unfamiliar scents loafed in the air, and not of tea. It smelt of excitement and mystery. The place looked disgusting though.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh, I’m so sorry. I thought I was going somewhere else.” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That’s what everyone says who ends up here.” The blonde said, breaking one of the bone structures, and expelling yellow dust all over the room. “I’m closed. If you want some tea I can get you something if you don’t tell anyone I’m serving you. I am screwed on rent if I don’t sell something fast. Maybe something to mellow you out? We have camomile, green tea, thunder brew... Wait, wait wait, no, not thunder brew. That’s not for sale.” The woman removed the jar marked “Skull Flower Tea” from the glass display.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something in this piqued Luni’s interest, but she didn’t ask about it. “My fiance isn’t here. We are getting married, but he’s not here and he’s not answering my calls and I need help and…” Her voice trembled as she held back tears.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The girl played with about five or six handcrafted arm bracelets on her wrists before saying. “Oh. He told you to fly here to your dream location and now is not answering his phone. Is that right?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yes. I tried using the hotel's phone.” Luni said, “It wouldn’t go through.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something from inside a cabinet vibrated and rattled. A voice spoke from within “Delivery required! All employees of Future Treats are now required to make mandatory deliveries.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oof. You can’t use that phone.” She said, removing a white, shaking box and placing it in the back of the shop. She shouted to her customer. “Hold on, I can help you. Don’t tell anyone. Your man randomly says let's get married, I’m going to send you on a plane to that one place you’ve always wanted to go to?” She rolled her eyes.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She returned with a small beat-up cardboard box. After placing it at the bar, she lifted it and invited Luni to look inside. She did.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature in the box moo-ed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni leaned forward, glaring in astonishment. “Is. That a tiny breathing, tiny cow in a box? Why is it in a box???”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The girl looked horrified. “Oh. Wrong box. It was supposed to have a note in it saying your boyfriend is breaking up with you. I see this all the time here. I mixed up my joke boxes, never mind what you see in there.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">” What do you mean, my boyfriend is breaking up with me?” Luni said, not giving the box back.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The woman shook her head and zero-ed out the register. She checked that the citation notice was still on the glass doors.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It is always why these types of things happen.” The woman finally said. “He’s married. Or has someone else in mind? He lured you here before ghosting you, giving you a nice vacation while you deal with reality.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Kevin would never do that to me,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh. His name is Kevin.” She laughed. “Okay. Go ahead. Tell me how Kevin would never do such a thing. Go ahead.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“... Actually, I don’t want to. What’s wrong with Kevin?” Luni said, leaning back on the stool, making a wee noise, slumping her shoulders.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“‘Cause every Kevin is. A Kevin. Duh. If you don’t believe me, Give me his number.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">What would she want with Kevin’s number, Luni wondered. She decided to find out. She entered Kevin's number in the woman's phone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Are you at least going to let the cow out of the box?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The cow is not important!” The woman put the call on speaker.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“‘Ello,” Kevin answered. “This must be the escort I hired, you’re late. Is this like a pizza delivered? Do I get it for free?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh hello, Kevin.” The woman said. “Funny how you answer when I call, but not your fiance. You even memorized the hotel's number so you wouldn’t have to pick up her call. Yes. My number is out of state. No, I’m not your escort. Wow, Kevin. No, I don’t know you, you are easy to predict. She’s right here, if you’d like to tell her yourself… oh.” The girl had been having fun with the whole situation, but her heart sank when she heard he did not want to speak to her. For the first time, she looked at her, Luni knew. Her face scrunched, and her skin grew pale.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay, jerk.” The girl said, ending the call. “I’m sorry. I see it a lot here for some reason. Usually, the guy is named Kevin. Sometimes Chris. Guys suck.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni said not a word but looked at the wooden floorboards of the strange tea shop.  Colorful dust swirled with the ceiling fan above.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She sat hard into her chair, which made a loud “weee” sound,  and placed the box back on the counter, looking cold and lifeless. She stood and backed away towards the doors.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Where are you going to go?” The girl asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni took another look around. Something about her appearance seemed off, unnatural.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Who are you? What is this place?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m Braylynn.” She said. “Knowing my name doesn’t help you though. I need you out of here, I’m late for an important meeting. Meeting. Thing.” At this, she placed the cow box inside a cabinet. After pressing a button on the register, something chimed. Birds flew across the room, diving to collect trash and straightening the room. Luni fell to her knees and covered her head, having watched The Birds one too many times. When she realized she was not under attack, she turned to a shocked Braylnn, unprepared for what to say next.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Wow. I think we have a bird. Problem.” Branlyn answered, her lips twitching and her tongue smacking. “It um. That was unexpected, wasn’t it?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni narrowed her eyes. “I knew it. There is no such thing as a tea shop. I mean, who are you even kidding? Cucumber sandwiches? That’s not real. This is all fake. Kevin is not dumping me. That cow is fake!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Braylynn shook her head. “No, Mr. Spotini is real and super not chill.” Her face changed to a sour one. “No! I mean. It’s. An animatronic. There’s a gas leak in here sometimes, that’s why I got the fine. So. This is all a figment of your imagination.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Is this a magic tea shop?” Luni demanded.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“... gas leak. Very dangerous. Every second you stand there, a brain cell dies.” Branlyn remarked, motioning to the door before looking at the clock mounted above the exit.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Did Kevin dump me?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Branlyn nodded. “Again, I don’t have time for this. You need some fresh air before you…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni broke down in tears, sobbing . Try as she may, she could not force herself to walk out the door. Instead, she stood. Crying.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Awkwardly, Braylynn leaned over for a pat. “There. There.” She said stiffly. “Okay. I get it. Your entire world has been destroyed.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni cried harder at this. For the final time, Braylynn’s eyes turned to the clock striking 11 o'clock. She knew it would take some time to get to her “meeting.” There were no moments to spare.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“New plan.” She said to Luni. “You are going to hang out here, upstairs in the spare apartment until I get back. Okay? Touch nothing, and don’t tell anyone you were here. There’s food, I think, don’t touch the Chinese takeout from a month ago. And don’t bother the cow. Okay? Upstairs you go, come on.” She led her upstairs, let her into the spare room, and ran down the street in the rain. Luni watched her wander into the forest from the window above the shop. Braylynn went alone, carrying a stick and what looked like a carrot strapped to her waist. Although she wasn’t positive of this silliness. All she knew was life was not as she knew it. And there would be no going back to how things were before.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After bawling her eyes out on the phone to her friend Celeste, she felt drained and purposeless. All her friend said was “I told you so.” which might seem blunt, but that’s how she is. Things were too "perfect", she thought, looking back on everything. All the different random meet-ups in differing coffee shops, never in the same place seemed odd now. Though it’s an obvious red flag to everyone else in the universe. How he used to leave the room to answer his phone, lowering his voice so she couldn’t hear. The evidence of this being a bad idea had been in front of her, but she hadn’t known what a warning sign looked like.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She went exploring the apartment. The two bedrooms were tiny, and the kitchen and living room weren’t much bigger, but enough for a person to stand at the stove and crack an egg. Luni had seen some apartments in New York City where this would have been an impossibility. Cute figures scattered throughout the dish cabinets and granite countertops brought a crt a creepy charm to the place. They looked like charms, made from different flowers and sticks made to resemble people. It looked cute enough not to be creepy and looked like it took much skill to craft. Whatever was inside of the glass figures sitting on the window seemed to be screaming.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">Maybe there is a gas leak.</span>
      <span> She thought. </span>
      <span class="c6 c5">Maybe that’s why this is all surreal. Everything in this tea shop seems so. Mystical. Like Taylor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She noticed one of these figures sprouting leaves that seemed to wave at her. When she heard a loud moo from the shop below. She rushed to the voice coming from inside the cabinet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">They aren’t your things, leave them alone.</span>
      <span> She thought. </span>
      <span class="c6 c5">But yet. It is a cow. Trapped in a box. I’d be ticked if I were trapped in a box all day. No one wants to be crammed in a tiny space.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">So she opened the cabinet, knowing what Braylynn had said, and lifted the lid of the box. The white cow looked up, almost looking to smile. It kicked with its hooves and pranced about.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The poor guy wants out. Called him Mr. Spotini. Luni Thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She reached out and petted the soft smooth fur of the creature. The instant she cupped her hands to lift the cow out of the box, it leaped. It made a happy moo-ing sound, danced in a circle, and headed to the double doors. It pawed at the glass, motioning with its head towards the outside world. It's a tail-wagged.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can’t let you out, cow,” Luni said, kneeling behind it. “As much as I want to let you out. You’re going to hang out with me, and help me get over this awful feeling I’m having about Kevin.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The cow dashed at the door with a gallop. It slammed its body against the glass, sending shards scattering everywhere. The rain blew in from outside, and the cow leaped over the sharp pieces and crossed the road.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni ran out, missing an oncoming car by inches. She yelled to the driver her apologies as she finished crossing the street. She entered the bar. For real this time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The clattering of hooves echoed off of the repurposed boat flooring. Luni could hear, but could not see the cow. A confused tall bartender looked to the woman who had walked in, who stared hard at the ground in panic.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Did you see a cow walk in here?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The bartender acted like you would expect. She placed her hands on her hips for a moment, trying to gauge if the woman was serious. A man hunched over at the bar turned. His eyes and face appeared tired. Aged with sadness, the typical bar person one often sees. The bartender gave a glance, seeing his fourth cup of Jack and Coke of the night gone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“We all know she’s not crazy.” The man said, feeling the condensation on the outside of his empty glass. “We know weird things are coming out of the tea shop next door. I’ll take another drink.”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">*“Not now Mr. Whitaker” The woman spoke, looking at the known troublemaker.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“NO!” He stood and faced Luni, stumbling towards her. “It’s about time one of us finally said something about what is going on next door!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She spotted the cow in the back behind the counter, in the kitchen where a small oil fryer bubbled. It looked with curiosity at the burning hot liquid. Instead, she tried to focus on the emotional man, whose words were spat out in anger.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It's magic. And you are a part of it.” He said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Magic isn’t real. It’s a gimmick,” The bartender said in a soothing voice.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni backed a step towards the door. The cow turned to her and then looked back to the oil.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There’s a gas leak,” Luni said. “I don’t think there’s anything…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Gas leak!” The man spat before he reached for his glass and sucked on the remaining ice cubes. “There hasn’t been gas in that building since the fire in 87. I’m tired of pretending everyone doesn’t know. And I’m going to do something about it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The others in the room talked louder and turned away. Trying to act normal.  A man put some coins into a video poker machine on the far end of the bar, pretending to not hear the conversation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Next round is on the house, Mr. Whitaker.” The bartender said. “If you’ll let it be the last of the night, and if you give me your keys and let Barb take you home.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The man sat, still looking at the woman. “I won't turn down a free drink. But I’m serious. I’m going to prove it someday.” He handed over his keys.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After pouring his final drink and placing his keys under a stack of glasses, the bartender motioned the Luni to the back. The cow still stared at the hot oil. She walked behind the counter, meeting the eyes of the man for a moment as she passed. The cow slipped out the back as a cook left to take a smoke break. The woman waved her on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Don’t mind him.” She said to Luni while taking the moment to start the industrial-sized dishwasher and to pull the fries out of the oil. “He lost his kid to a long illness a while back. Always comes in, cursing about the tea shop next door. He thinks they should have done something to help his kid.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Someone leaned over the counter and yelled to the back. “Hey Cali, can I get a burger and another beer? Grilled onions? In the burger, I don’t want grilled onions in my beer.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can’t, I have a thing I have to get to.” She said, cursing at the late hour. “My point is, you shouldn’t be talking about those things. Weird things. Cow things. Don’t draw attention to it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni didn’t understand. “I’m not supposed to draw attention to a tiny cow running around?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“If it came from that shop, then no.” She said, “In fact, I’d never speak of it again if I were you. The people who run the town don’t like it when word gets around about it. Funny talk.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“But,” Luni said. “Someone is going to get upset their tiny cow is on the loose.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The oil burst into flames and reached high towards the ceiling. The cook had returned for a lighter. The cow had peeked its head inside the door, staring at the flames with a devilish smile. The embers reflected in its eyes. It smiled.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Quick!” Cali yelled. “Wet a towel!” She ran for the fire extinguisher, but Luni had already run out the door after the cow into the street.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After running into the rain, she gave up. Tired, and confused, she felt overall not great about the general state of her life. When the rising smoke cleared from the bar, she breathed a deep sigh of relief before running on to keep searching for Mr. Spotini.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A car nearby exploded. Metal flew. She rolled behind another vehicle before realizing how horrible of an idea that was, with a fire-happy cow running around. She looked for a non-explodable cover and soon; she spotted the cow on the street near a drain of rushing water. For a moment it wagged its tail before bolting.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni placed a hand over her mouth and shook from the cold. “I should have left the cow in the box.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She charged at the creature, who stampeded off into an open building. Luni rushed and placed her full weight on the door to trap the cow inside. She found a piece of scrap wood nearby and jammed it between the door handles. The door jam would have to do until she returned with the creature's owner.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A sign hung over the complex. She read it. “Whisper’s Bay mining and dynamite museum.” A painting of a man with a tin hat giving a thumbs up on the side stared at her.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span>That’s why I do nothing. Because I can’t do anything right. Luni thought.</span>
      <hr style="page-break-before:always;display:none;"/>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c7" id="h.xqft2mlqvcgh">
      <span class="c3">Episode 2: Champion of Whisper's Bay</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni at first wasn’t sure what she was looking at. Taylor had slammed a greasy brown paper bag in front of her while she sat at the outside lunch tables during B lunch. B lunch was the cool lunch that most seniors took.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Here’s a stupid lunch,” Taylor said crossing her arms.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She wondered why her friend looked so angry, and why that sour look seemed to be stuck on her face. Had she done something wrong?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What’s this?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I told you it’s lunch. I made an extra. On accident you, candy corn.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Really, you need to work on this hate of Candy Corn, it’s good candy. You didn’t eat either yesterday.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor puffed and sat. “It’s a taco. On fried bread. Thing. It’s something I used to eat all the time.” She sighed and hung her head. “I used to. I used to cook for my parents and I don’t know how to cook enough for only a person, so.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You don’t cook for your parents anymore?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor said nothing, but pushed the sack closer to her. She looked inside, getting a whiff of the cumin and garlic from the black bean-heavy taco seasonings. The moment her fingers touched the bread, she realized this must have taken a while to prepare. The bread wasn’t perfect, but the blend of cheese and lettuce melted in Luni’s mouth. She smiled. It had been much better than fast food, and totally unexpected.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Someday, I have to do something,” Taylor said, looking away while opening up her lunch. “Like. Bad maybe.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Do you need help? I’m good at solving problems.” Luni lied while talking with a mouth full of food.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">With her left foot on the ground, she pushed aside two other brown bags. Inside them contained peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. One with the name “Taylor” written on it in Luni’s handwriting. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor smiled, looking at Luni this time. “You shouldn’t hang out with me. I’m. Not always a good person.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“If you aren’t a good person, then I’m okay with being a bad person. Should we risk the teacher's lounge for coffee again?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor stared at her. “Yes.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni hated how she had gotten herself into this ridiculous situation. She had sworn to keep her life afloat and balanced with happiness. And now she had nothing. While dealing with an implausible situation. But that life was gone. She understood this now. She knew she had to do something. So she did.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She returned to the tea shop and searched the coat closet upstairs. Selecting a clear raincoat from the left-hand side, which was full of strange and glowing jackets, she put it on and tugged at the zipper. It whistled at her. She tried again, pulling on the warm metal. Its voice grew louder.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay, I won’t zip you.” She said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">It chirped to itself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni paused for a moment to look at the ceiling in existential dread.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">I can’t even put on a coat without something weird happening. Why can’t I have simple things? I’m not good enough for anybody</span>
      <span class="c0">. She thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">In the middle of pondering the deepest meaning of her suffering, she spotted sparking dust on the ceiling. Not from the kind you get on those bumpy-looking popcorn ceilings, but a glowing that had a strange twinkle that varied in rhythm and pulsation. She figured she didn’t want to know what caused that. She left the shop through the broken glass and headed in the rain into the forest on the far side of town, with her raincoat covering her head.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She came to where she had seen Braylynn wander into the thick of the woods with the carrot in tow. The trees helped shield her from the wet skies as she walked. Moss hung to bark everywhere she looked, and the forest floor, even at the edge, was thick with pine needles and sticks. The rich soil scent seemed to intensify with every drop from the sky.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">To her surprise, she came to a stone structure near a rocky hill. On its walls, yet, were lamps aligned in a row that seemed to stretch away with a strange unnatural glow. She walked to it and examined its fluttering light. As she touched it, the color changed to red. All the lamps flickered to the same color.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The zipper on her raincoat whined. She heard a rumbling, seeming to draw closer to where she stood. A voice came from somewhere behind the stone walls.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You are not worthy to enter. You must fight me to gain entrance.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She blinked, still looking at the row of red lights seeming to get darker. “Excuse me?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A door appeared in the stone. Four pieces of the slabs in the threshold became alive and crawled towards her. The threshold monster grew and changed its form. The zipper cried, and its tears dripped off the plastic coat onto the soil. Luni touched the zipper as if to comfort it as the rock grew bigger before her. It screamed, so she let go of the zipper.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature snarled. Its claws on its rocky bouldering body reached for Luni. She staggered back, tripped, and fell on her tush. She reached for the closest moss-covered rock.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature stopped. A fearful look struck its face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Hold on a minute.” It said, “You’re not going to throw the rock at me are you?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A confused Luni said. “Since you charged at me with claws, like what else do you expect? You’re not here to cuddle.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh, you are crying.” The monstrous beast said, “I’ve never seen that. People only fight me with spells. You look like you’ve had a rough day.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s. Been. Terrible.” Luni said. “I’m here to find Braylynn, so I can get out of here and end this day. So I can forget it ever happened and so I can forget about somebody else.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Hmm. You precious lIttle meat bean bag.You can’t trust others for fulfillment. That’s like drinking out of a pond. You’ve been drinking out of stale pools. You need to drink from rushing waters unless you want to get sick.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Um. Okay?” Luni shrugged. “There’s a fire-happy cow trapped in a dynamite museum and we have little time.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The beast played with his hands for a moment. “There’s always something on the loose. Or about to blow up. Look at you. You don’t even have a vegetable to defend yourself with.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni crossed her arms.  “Why is everyone getting weird with vegetables?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You don’t know?” It asked. The claws on its hands retracted. It circled her, looking at her from head to toe. The zipper whimpered as the beast's nose sniffed at its metal. She told it that it was too close for comfort but it didn't seem to understand the concept behind the phrase. It examined her and seemed to grow excited.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You don’t have a clue what is going on here do you?” It asked. “I am like a god. You think your best bet to beat me is to fling a rock?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Am I supposed to say gibberish and pretend I have superpowers or something?” She said, raising her hand. “Of course, I’m throwing this rock at you.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Woah, hold on.” The Threshold monster said, “I don’t want to get hit. It’s rude that you would even come to fight me with a non-magic weapon. So uncivilized. You know what? Since you think you are so wonderful in exchange for you putting the stone down, I will proclaim your worthiness in this tournament. Find a rushing river. Don’t drink from the Ponds.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She did as it asked and dropped the stone. The zipper shouted a noise sounding like “Hooray!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m not being nice.” The beast said. “You are going to get your butt kicked in there. I declare you, a completely clueless random person, are worthy of the number one seed in this years Whisper's Bay magic brawl!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Horns blasted in the distance. The earth shook as a  door formed and opened. The threshold monster returned to its place under the massive rock frame of the door. Its voice rang out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Go forth and meet your competitors, Hwitloc.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni did not know what ‘Hwitloc’ or competitors meant, but she entered. The doorway closed behind her. The next thing she knew, she stood alone in the middle of a massive open cavern. There were no clouds above now, only endless stars twinkling. Crickets chirped in the distance, their long calls echoing through the cavern.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Hello!?” she shouted. Her words bounced around.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        Luni crouched behind a boulder, viewing the lushest arena full of wildlife and thriving plants. Moss and heavy leaves grew on the ceiling, leading to the opening. From above, she saw lamp posts and people standing around. Dressed in elaborate and rich suits and dresses. Drinking cocktails. Birds hooted in the distance as the people looked on. Some chucked delightfully.
        <br/>
        <br/>
        The walls glowed and spoke.
        <br/>
        <br/>
        “Welcome! All eight contestants are in their starting locations. Whoever either disarms or defeats all their opponents wins a Chambers of Commerce magic license. The winner will have their violations forgiven. Best of luck. GO!”
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A voice cried out. “I wouldn’t have bet on the number one seed had I known it was going to be a Hwitloc! I want my money back!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A gruff voice cried out across the way. “All bets are final!”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Her world was falling apart, and here it seemed the townspeople were having a magic fight club. Without the fragile masculinity. This made Luni feel tiny. It didn’t matter. She had to find Braylynn.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Springing globes of light showed from an open fields. Their glow dancing over the tall, waving grass tickled her skin as she moved. She found cover under a tall weeping willow. A flash of light caught Luni’s attention.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Being spotted would mean doom. She had no chance. But she had to get the cow back in the box.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">As she had made her plan, a twig snapped nearby. Her head turned toward the sound. She moved along in the shadows the best she could past vines and branches. Someone on the other side of the willow moved.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">They know I’m here. </span>
      <span class="c0">She thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Hey.” A voice said in a low whisper. “You. You’re that girl from the bar, aren’t you?” The female voice said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni found a hiding spot near a leafy patch. It sounded like the bartender. She couldn’t pinpoint the direction of the voice. She crept back further into the lily pads, noticing how they moved no matter how she touched them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m on your side.” The woman said. “You shouldn’t be in here. Let me help you get out.” She crept low to the bushes, searching for any sign of Luni.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni kept still, to keep the pads from moving. One plant wafted in the breeze, hitting the metal of the zipper on the raincoat. It sneezed. Laughter came from above. The zipper cried.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That woman is wearing the raincoat of self-awareness!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The zipper whimpered. Someone grabbed Luni’s arm. Her eyes met with Cali’s, who knelt next to her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Don’t take this personally, okay? You seem cool.” She said, raising an eggplant into the air, pointing it straight at her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni stood, backing away. Cali followed her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s a part of the game,” Cali said, twitching her nose. She shouted:  “Blaburtgilocous!” Her hand jerked back as if the vegetable were a handgun being fired. The eggplant went limp, and though sparks came forth, not much happened.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The zipper laughed obnoxiously.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Hey!” Cali shouted. “This is a hard skill to master!” She tried again. “Blaburtgil…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        Before she could finish, Luni grabbed her arm and jerked. They fought. With a swift motion, Luni ripped the eggplant wand from Cali’s hand and turned it back on her. She yelled. 
        <br/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Blaburtgilocous!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Nothing happened.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Cali smiled. “That is kind of cute.” She said. “But that isn’t how this works for non-magic people.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni snapped the eggplant in two with her bare hands. It lost its glow.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The stone walls spoke. “Cali has been eliminated.” Her body fell at Luni’s feet. It shriveled as she screamed until it morphed into a giant seed. Etched on the outside of the tough coat read the number 7.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She stood, hand over mouth, too terrified to move.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Please take your seeds with you.” The wall said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No helping her!” a voice shouted. “Not fair!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You’re the only idiot who put all their money on the number one seed!” said another.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“... Cali?” Luni said to the seed. The zipper choked out a cry. The seed, the life of a person, lay at her feet. She picked it up, unsure what to do with it. She hadn’t expected this. She placed the seed in the clear raincoat pocket. What was go ing on? What would happen if she lost the seed? Would Cali be gone forever?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Not wanting to dwell on the situation for long, she moved on. Not silently this time, knowing the zipper wouldn’t let her hide. She searched the area, taking the chance to peer out to the rest of the visible arena when the opportunity presented itself. Flashes of bright light with colorful dust bursting in the air lit the cavern, to which the zipper would “Ooo” and “Aww” . From a better-elevated position, she could see people fighting from a distance. Seemingly with vegetables. It was the darndest thing Luni had ever seen. Grown adults, fighting with celery and green onions.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Screw it.” She shouted. She called for Branlynn, by name, so all in the arena and all watching above could hear.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something flashed. A great force from nowhere pushed her to the ground. The zipper yelled in a tantrum. She saw a thin figure approach her as she tried to stand back on her feet.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You ever find the credit card?” The voice asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No,” Luni said, panting. “He isn’t coming.’  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The hotel clerk held a turnip full of stems and roots pointed out toward her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yeah, sounds like a Kevin.” She said. “I’ll have to give the suite to another couple. Though, it’s not worth the price so it’s your win on that. Flipiawiflop”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She flicked her wrist, casting something on her turnips. The zipper said something not polite. Luni reached for the vegetable. The spell hit her arm, causing an intense burning sensation. Luni cried out, kicking Lizzie’s leg. Lizzie adjusted and walked back from Luni’s reach.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I only want to find Braylynn.’ She said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Lizzie patted the fanny pack around her waist. “Number 5.” She said, “In my bag. I need this license so I can stop working at that stupid hotel. I am winning this thing.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There’s a cow trapped in the dynamite museum and…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“How about you ask your famous fiance to help you? I’m not falling for that.” She spoke gibberish. A gust of wind and dust sent Luni flying against the trunk of a tree.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni cried out in agonizing pain. The zipper on the raincoat shushed her. The attendant walked to her, turnip pointed. She mouthed several words and sent another gust of wind that pinned her to the bark.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni flung a rock at her hard. It struck her. She grabbed the turnip, attempting to disarm her. They each pulled, trying to take the position of the wand. The turnip snapped. Lizzy cried out and shriveled before her eyes into a seed marked number 2. The rest of the seeds she was carrying rose from the ground. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni took the number 5 seed in her shaking hands. She placed it in her pocket, followed by the rest until all 7 were safe in her pockets.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“She did it!” someone shouted. “A Hwitloc has gained the first level of her magic license!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No!” A man shouted. “Who let this girl in!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A yellow glow surrounded Luni before she found herself transported away from the cavern. When it had cleared, she stood in the middle of a city square, surrounded by flowering trees. People rode horse-drawn carriages while checking their smartphones. The streets and sidewalks were made of diamonds and dollar bills in some sort of clear brick-like substance. The city seemed to be above the arena. A crowd traveled to meet her. She realized she was standing on a winner block.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni saw herself on a tv inside a magic bar across the way. Birds carrying cameras flew above her, snapping photographs.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        Already someone ran around selling newspapers reading “First ever Hwitloc winner of Magic Brawl.” one person replied, looking at the paper, having been foretold yesterday and printed for today's news. “Who reads newspapers?” 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        The second article, under the headline, read: High Pidersmirt of Snufferclyd who survived the death touch of the Grobobalopacus. What went wrong?
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Can someone please help me with the cow who is trapped in the dynamite museum?” She asked. “And help me bring these people back!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">People in the crowd looked in confusion. “You don’t know what to do with the seeds?” Someone asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why would I know something like that?” Luni said. “Someone tell me what to do.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“She has to figure it out on her own! If I’m not getting my money back, none of you are!” Someone shouted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There are people in these seeds right?” Luni asked . “You can’t stand there, someone has to tell me what they know. I need to save them.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Tom is right. To make the bets fair, she is not to be told anything.” A woman in her late thirties said. Her salt and pepper shoulder length hair waved in cavern breeze. She wore a blue corset with purple underbust and a round hat. “Everyone can agree to this. Send her back.” She snapped her fingers.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni found herself returned to the streets in Whisper's Bay, in the pouring rain. She stood in front of the theater, showing the classic film “Dancing in the Rain.” Luni did not dance but ran into the Tea shop. Glass shards still lay on the floor. There she looked to the clear pockets, seeing all 7 seeds.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“This isn’t happening.” She said aloud. “What. The. Hell.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The zipper whimpered, sounding cold.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Not knowing what to do, Luni took her leave upstairs, placing the seeds on the windowsill where the rain made a sharp constant thudding sound. She had tried to rest in the room for a while, but when the clock struck 4 a.m. she determined that trying to sleep in such a strange place would not do her much good. The fridge was packed with strange natural herbs and had nothing in the way of microwave pizza or burritos. She had seven lives in her hands. Which she did not know what to do with. And a cow in a dangerous place. She felt guilty for leaving the cow alone, but what were her options? Seeing nothing had exploded yet, she hoped the cow was safe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Her cell phone buzzed. The caller ID read:  ‘Honey XOXO’. She checked the time, in disbelief that he would call that early. What did he want?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Luni,” Kevin said when he answered. “I can’t marry you. You’re great and all, and you can keep the hotel room but…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She heard a noise in the background of what sounded like partying men. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        <br/>
        “You can’t leave me here stranded!” She said to him over the phone.
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No, You always need someone to hold your hand. I need someone who can handle difficult situations on their own. I think we should see other people ...”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She cursed at him and ended the call. The rain fell harder. She put the raincoat back on and headed outside.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She stepped into the dynamite museum, and after searching by the light of her phone for a long time, she found the cow. Curled up by a stick of dynamite in an exhibit from 1976. She lifted it into her hands and headed back to the tea shop.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span>The most confusing part of the evening, besides Kevin,  had been the magic license. She figured out the contestants had been members of some secret group that handed out fines. Was this a joke? Was there a gas leak? She didn’t know, and she found herself pondering this until she finally found sleep. Just as soon as the sun rose, waking her back up.</span>
      <hr style="page-break-before:always;display:none;"/>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c7" id="h.yxanz4vid86u">
      <span class="c3">Episode 3: Mr. Finkerhopper</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Oct. 2019. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why don’t you like my costume?” Luni asked in 5th hour. She tugged at her pointed hat, wanting in part to cover her entire face if it would make Taylor stop staring at her. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What are you even?” She asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m an evil witch!” Luni said, rasing her hand in the air pretending to wave a wand. Taylor crossed her arms and raised her shoulders high. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That’s not what that looks like.” Taylor pouted. “The wart is offensive.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni found herself blushing. “I thought I looked cute.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You are. No. It’s.. Real witches are a lot darker than that. That’s a very unrealistic protrayal.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What do you mean? I bought this at the spirit barn? I think you’re on the weird and occult side of the metaphorical mountain.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh my god Luni, it’s not you. Never mind. I hate all this magic worship stuff. Everyone wants to be a witch or wizard or to have powers that.” her voice changed to a mocking tone. “Some deem unnatural. To quote Disney. Why can’t people be themselves and stop wishing they were something else?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“… You don’t think I look cute then?” Luni asked, with a hint of disappointment.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I didn’t say that,” Taylor answered, opening her book bag. “I’m saying if anyone actually controlled magic, they would hate it so much that they would want to be rid of it. Did you study for this quiz at all?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No,” Luni said. “I spent the evening trying on this costume with different outfits. To see what looked better.” In her mind, she added the words to you. Throughout the test, she hardly focused on her work. In part because her pencil was chipped, and she didn’t want to sharpen it in front of all the other students. And because something about disappointing that girl gave her stomach butterflies.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">I shouldn’t feel this way.  </span>
      <span class="c0">She thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">I don’t know what I’m doing.</span>
      <span class="c0"> She thought years later. The sunlight crept in over the potted plants sitting on the windowsill. After some searching, Luni found 7 vase-looking objects and filled them with dirt she found in a bag under the store's front tea counter. Three were made of misty glowing glass, two of flimsy tin sort of material, and two looked like bone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">Why is there a bag of dirt lying out in a tea shop?</span>
      <span> She thought. </span>
      <span class="c6 c5">No wonder the city closed the shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">But as the thought occurred, she noticed from the view from the window a man in a trench coach and a blue top hat approaching the store. He seemed determined to enter. Remembering the front doors had been smashed, Luni ran downstairs to greet the shop guest.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The pieces of broken glass did not seem to phase the man, instead, he stood at the counter hitting his hand into his fist.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Where is Bralynn? The sun is rising. I am late. We don’t have much time. I need my...” He stopped and looked hard at Luni, who stood in an oversized hoodie still not wearing any pants. Her hair looked like a complete mess “... I need my English Breakfast tea.” He said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m sorry, The shop is closed.” Remembering her appearance, she moved closer to the cash register and hid her legs from the sight of the man.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Forget the city code!” His voice grew in anger and desperation. “I need my tea now or... I get cranky!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can’t I…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Look, girl.” He said. “All you have to do is heat water, put the leaves in the strainer, and hand me the cup. That’s it. This isn’t a college final. I am always the first customer, I come in here first thing  every morning, I must have my oolong tea!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You said English tea, didn’t you?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Whatever, it should be marked ‘Anti-Morning Were-wolf’! … Don’t look at me like that! They are allowed to write whatever they want to advertise products these days. Hurry!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can’t. I don’t even work here I...” She shifted and looked to the ceiling. As she did, a beam of light came through the broken door onto the man. It sent him to his knees.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Nooo!!! My soul! MY SOUL!” He cried in agony.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay! Okay!” Luni shouted, searching the tea display case. None of the bottles said anything about Anti-Morning Werewolf at all. The one marked Silver wildflowers seemed possible, but she couldn’t give him something that had actual silver in it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The man’s trench coat and hat fell to the floor and he tossed and turned. He had grabbed at his chest and clenched his teeth. “Please, make my suffering stop!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">One bottle stood out. Written in sloppy handwriting read; ‘Happy Morning Glory blend’. She found the water boiling machine, though it looked different than anything she had seen before. The stone oven-looking device whirled and steamed. With a ding, a cup of hot water appeared in front of her on the counter spewing sparkling dust.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">While the man kept rolling on the floor, she threw the leaves in a strainer, put the strainer in the cup, and walked to the man. The water turned red.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">On seeing this the man replied, still in pain.  “That’s not the usual color. But give it to me!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni helped him sit and tried to steady the man’s trembling hands to pour a drink into his mouth. As he drank, his arms disappeared and his entire body vanished. The man transformed into a wolf before her eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Woof.” Said the wolf, sounding annoyed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh no.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Another man walked in, looking normal, humming a cheerful song to himself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Morning. You must be a fill-in. I’ll have an English breakfast, please. She has one labeled ‘Happy Morning Glory.’” The man saw the dog sitting at his feet. “Oh hello, Mr. Finkerhopper! Who’s a good dog?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Woof.” Said the dog sadly, walking behind the counter to a pet bed lying on the floor. The dog bit into a leash sitting nearby and looked at Luni, waiting.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni let out a distressed sigh. What if this other man needed special herbs too? Would he turn into a cow if he didn’t get it? Even worse, this could look bad if as the champion of the Whisper's Bay Brawl, she did not help one of their magic. People. Persons. But what if she gave the wrong thing to someone and turned them into a newt? She looked hard at the waiting dog, pondering her decision.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Tea coming right up.” She said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The dog whined.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After putting on clothes and heading back down, the third customer walked in, one of whom had the nerve to ask for a cold brew with extra foam and a shot of cimmaron of all things. Luni found a piece of paper and wrote “Will be back” with a feather quill and placed it on the register. She took Mr. Finkerhopper out for a walk. Before she had left, a woman hurried into the store looking in her purse.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I need something with a kick, I have an unpleasant meeting with my ex-husband's lawyers. The scum-sucking vampires, where’s my tea!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni rushed back to answer the lady, who was addressnig the cash register for some reason. But instead a deep silky voice came from nowhere. “I do apologize madame, but the young woman filling in today has gone on a walk. She will return in prompt time. I do apologize for the inconvenience. If you would like, you can wait and help yourself to a biscuit.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">It hit Luni that the voice came FROM the paper she had written on, which somehow now had a smiling talking mouth drawn upon it. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span>She let out another sigh.</span>
      <span class="c5"> I need to be careful what I use in this shop.</span>
      <span class="c0">
         She said. 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        She heard from the woman before going.
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Is the paper talking? If yes, I want the strongest biscuit you got.”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The wolf pulled hard on the leash, seeming to know what direction he wanted to go. She turned back to the window above the shop, hoping some sort of magic would have brought back the 7 seeds into people. It didn’t. Instead, she saw empty vases. And a line of people lined up at the shop. She let out a horrified gasp. The dog jolted her around a street corner, pulling her with him.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why can’t you go yourself? I can’t leave all those people alone in that shop!” Luni said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The dog stopped and looked up at a sign. It read: “All dogs must be leased, or they will be impounded. City Ordinance.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Impounded? Like a car?” Luni asked, before realizing how silly it sounded. “Okay. I’m going to trust you. If you help me. I am way over my head and I don’t know what to do.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The dog took off in a run again, dragging her along until they reached the public library.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni panting, looked in confusion at the half-run-down-building. The dog signaled with its head to open the doors. She pointed to a sign reading “Service animals only.” Again, the dog nodded at the door.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        “Woof!” It said. 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        “Um. What kind of service do you need?” Luni said.
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Giving up, she opened the doors, and the two wandered inside. The dog hurried past two suited young men reading by stacks of giant books. They walked to the checkout counter. A woman smiled at the dog before frowning.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh no. He’s not coming into work.” She said. “His arthritis must be so bad he can’t call in again. Poor thing. Thank you, Sparky, for coming to tell me.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Her voice sounded casual in talking to the creature. She looked up. “Oh. You must be the one filling in at the tea shop today. You know the whole town is talking about it, wanting to give the shop a try. Now that there’s a nice fill-in. How long will she be gone? Braylynn’s special book arrived.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span>She handed Luni a book titled </span>
      <span class="c6 c5">High Wizard of Snufferclyd. And the evil abomanation Grobobalopacus.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What’s this about?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Nothing. It’s blank.” The librarian said. “All the pages, the cover, the back cover. Looks useless to me.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The book did not appear blank to Luni. Instead, she saw handwritten in blue ink: Level 1 Magic license required. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The pages seemed to accounting for something that resembled a tabloid paper or a gossip article. On the cover was a wild-eyed man with a blue-ish gray beard. He wore a goofy hat and looked angry at a castle sticking out of the ocean. The librarian didn’t seem to see it. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“People drive from all over the coast to ask for these blank books all the time. Please bring this back to the shop for the rude girl, that would be great.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">As she spoke, Mr. Finkerhopper had taken a romance book in the history section with his teeth and walked over to its correct place on the shelf. The dog shook its head. Luni took the book, thanked the lady, and went to grab the leash.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s okay, you can let Sparky stay here if he’d like.” The librarian said. “He’s a helpful boy! It’s so sad his friend Fitto is so sick. His owner said she’s going to have to put the poor thing down soon.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The dog let out a sigh sounding “Woof.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh, Sparky… wants to come help me in the shop,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Mr. Finkerhopper growled. She excused herself and walked over to confront the dog who stood rearranging the flower book section.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You promised you’d help.” Luni scoffed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The dog shot an angry look and pointed with his snout towards the book Luni held. The two men with the stacks of book started arguing over historical facts. The dog let out a sharp bark. They quieted. He went back to rearranging.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You liar!” She said. “I trusted you!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The wolf paid no attention to her. With no choice, she hurried towards the shop and flipped through the book as she walked. She tried to comprehend its pages. Partly because of its cursive writing. Every other word was gibberish to her. But from the pictures, she guessed the book was about an evil creature summoned by a powerful magic user. The beast caused destruction, as depicted in drawings. A hero magician named Barry Deicknine sealed the creature away. But the magic in the seal can only last year. Once a year a champion must open it, inserting 7 ‘Pertimemtoffle’ seeds. After the creature is defeated the seal can once again be enacted for the following year. The story ended with a mention of a group within the city, shown with stick figures, called the NBS who wanted to defeat the ‘glorious’ Barry. She read, from cover to cover, looking for any information. But she found little.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">Mr. Finkerhopper didn’t help at all. This children's story isn’t even well written.</span>
      <span class="c0"> She thought. ‘Pertimemtoffle’ seed seemed to be the only useful mention that she could correlate. But that part of the book stated that a Pertimemtoffle was ‘a exerterillian parerous spell from a magical plant. From the family bertililousnaberperious.’ The gibberish was not helpful to Luni. She kept walking, hoping to find better answers at the tea shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">All the “sorry biscuits” were gone, and a line to the next block had formed at the door of the shop. Unlike the top hat-wearing weirdo who had wandered in and rudely turned into a wolf, they looked like normal west coasters. Well, as normal as it looks there with some wearing heavy coats and beanies and others wearing shorts and t-shirts.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">How am I going to figure out how to save the other contestants I turned into seeds if people won't stop showing up at the shop?</span>
      <span class="c0"> She thought.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Sure, the store wasn’t hers to open, but Braylnn had talked about how despite she was for cash. What would a better apology be for “I’m sorry I turned you into a ‘Pertimemtoffle’  seed.” than running the shop? As long as she kept the magic stuff secret, it wouldn’t be a big deal. Besides, she had won the brawl forgiving any town violations. Surely that made it okay. The thought of being worth something to someone drove her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She placed the book near the cash register, and with the first rag she found in the sink she wiped down the dusty counter. After she had thrown the washcloth back, people clapped and cheered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Wow! Amazing! How did you do that!” someone shouted. “I’m going to tell all my friends about this place!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The counter had turned to gold. In a panic, she removed the rag from the sink. She threw it towards the dog bed out of the way of grabby hands, in case someone stole it and take it home with them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After a while, she figured out how to use the normal water boiler sitting on the glistening counter. She made Yerba Mate Tea with soy milk and brown sugar and peppermint tea with a sugary peppermint syrup. And a great number of ginseng teas in place of all the coffee everyone ordered. There was no menu with prices, so she wrote one, forgetting about what happened the last time. She placed it by the door so the people in line could see it before they ordered. She heard the menu talking to people and asking questions about the drink orders. Was 5 bucks for a green tea and a dollar per shot of syrup okay? She didn’t know, especially with the high coast prices, but she had something to go off of.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’d like a yellow tea and a cucumber sandwich to go.” She heard a woman say.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni froze.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“... Luni?” The woman asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She cursed, to the bewilderment of the people standing in line. “Taylor. Hi.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The woman, with short blond hair, wore a windbreaker and tight black sweatpants. She looked at Luni almost the same as she had in high school. Light brown skin, oval-shaped face, and high cheekbones framed her almond-shaped eyes. Looking very Dine. (Or Navajo.)</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What are you doing here?” Taylor asked. “Where is Braylynn? You can’t ...” She looked behind her at the line of people. “... work here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni said nothing in reply but instead fulfilled her order. Not knowing how to make a cucumber sandwich, she sliced up some vegetables she found in the bin and slapped some mayo between lettuce and white bread. She handed Taylor the sandwich and teacup.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“First of all,” Taylor said. “That is a zucchini, not a cucumber. Second, that tea is used for… a love brew. That wouldn’t work on me. And third, what the hell, I haven’t seen you in like five years Luni. And now you randomly appear in a shop no one is supposed to go to? Where is Braylynn?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Hurry up! You’re holding up the line!” A person behind her said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“She’s away for a while. For personal growth.” Luni said, waving Taylor off. “I’m taking over for the foreseeable future. Next please?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You don’t know what you are doing at all. Like the book you have out. Why do you have that out?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She pointed to the book the librarian had given her.   </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s blank,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No, it’s not, that’s an account of the Grobobalopacus incident, which is NOT allowed to be seen in public!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni turned her back and pretended to go wash dishes. Even though the sink in the back she turned on poured out no water. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I am doing fine on my own.” Luni yelled to Taylor. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Someone stood up shouting and celebrating. “I won the lottery! I’m rich! This is the best day of my life!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni looked to the tea she had served the man, called “Day long serendipity”.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor made her way behind the counter and threw on an apron.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What are you doing?” Luni asked, crossing over to her as the next person in line asked for a coffee.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Giving you a hand, you Hwitloc idiot before the council arrives and throws me in prison. It is not safe for you to be here, much less work here. I need to know everything as soon as we get this line taken care of.” She said, her head shaking at the gold counter. “And don’t use that rag.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yeah, I figured that out.” Luni puffed. “No customers behind the counter.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Go” Taylor cursed. “... yourself and…” She cursed again. “.. that sandwich you tried serving me.” </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can handle myself,” Luni said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There’s the lie of the year.” Taylor started removing serval jars of obviously not normal tea shop stuff from the tea display. Such as “Get what you want but not in the way you wanted it.” brew.   </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">If you don’t let me help you, I’m calling the council myself. Because I do NOT want to be sent to adult magic education classes again.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Is this payback?’ Luni asked. Taylor hesitated before shrugging. Luni let out a frustrated groan. She realized there would be no talking her out of it. There was no choice but to deal with the firecracker.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Fine,” Luni muttered.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">For a long while, she took orders while Taylor worked to fill them. This brought about strong feelings she could not ignore, especially when she tried to give someone tea called “exploding poppy.” Taylor scolded her for the obvious magic tea Braylynn must have left in the case. This outburst from Taylor reminded her of her high school drama class fight. The one where she got hit in the face with a dodgeball repeatedly.  When she had given Taylor the wrong audition piece. Confident in her performance, Taylor volunteered to go first and gave a passionate loud monologue. Luni had given her a scene from a Woody Allen film, which did not go over well. Taylor was asked to sit down, due to not having followed directions. She glared with her face red at Luni the entire audition. Luni felt that same glare as she tried to work the shop. Even with that feeling, there was another that felt misplaced to her. In some sick way, she was glad Taylor showed up. This both felt great and weird at the same time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Not until hours later, the two finally put another sign when everyone had been served, and noon came upon them. Taylor knocked twice on a red door in the back of the shop. When she opened it, a light shone from the other side brighter than the sun. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">They walked through the door, Luni found herself surrounded by tiny flowers of all colors on a grassy hill. Somehow the blue sky lay overhead, and the wind blew carrying the scent of flower petals whiffed by.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span>
        <br/>
      </span>
      <span class="c5">The tea shop has a howls-moving castle room? </span>
      <span>Luni thought. </span>
      <span class="c5">If Braylynn ever wakes up from being a flower maybe she would let me live here. In the teashop… closet? </span>
      <span class="c0">
        <br/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The shop is low, so we need to pick as we talk. Quick. Why are you working here, of all places?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor collected lavender into a bag as the woman. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Taylor. Are you? One of them? Whatever these weird vegetable-wielding people are.” She asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That’s not important. There are a lot of dangerous things here that Braylynn attends to that only she knows about. Why do you have a book about the high wizard?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I don't know. The librarian gave it to me. I can’t understand it. Does it contain anything about growing seeds? into people?” Luni asked. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor stopped picking a petal and turned. “into people? How do you know about the Magic brawl? Did you stumble into the arena?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni took a few steps away to a point overlooking a lake. Machines and tubes seemed to send lake water back to the shop.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor grew impatient and placed a hand on her shoulder. Luni backed away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Easy,” Taylor said. “I’m not going to punch you. If you know where those seeds are, you need to tell me. Forget the council members being ticked, the entire city is in danger, including those seven people if they are not handled. If the Grobobalopacus breaks the seal it will be unleashed upon the normals, and the last time we almost all died if it were not for…” She scoffed.  “Deicknine the Great Gatekeeper of magic.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s okay, I have all the seeds planted in vases upstairs,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        Taylor gasped. 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        “You. Didn’t. Tell me you didn’t plant them.”
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What else are you supposed to do with seeds? They are going to grow again, and release the people inside them right?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“NO!” Taylor shouted, placing her hand on her head. “Okay. I am going to punch you. How do you have them??”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I won the brawl. I guess, what do you mean I wasn’t supposed to plant them?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Not like that, you Hwitloc!” Taylor shouted. “You’ve had them planted the entire time and you let us work all morning? What is wrong with you? We have to go right now!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <hr style="page-break-before:always;display:none;"/>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c7" id="h.g7lqweaab1pi">
      <span class="c3">Episode 4:  Grobobalopacus</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        2019. 
        <br/>
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The whistle blew. Luni and Taylor stood in the gym circle facing each other.  The rest of the class cheered them on as they both ran toward the only ball on the court.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">I can’t let this girl beat me again.</span>
      <span class="c0"> Luni thought. She reached out. Their hands met together around the dodgeball. Something about the girl’s touch felt electric. She didn’t know what it was, but she wanted more. They found themselves looking into each other's eyes. Though for a brief second, Luni wished it could last forever.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">They wrestled, rolling over the court, fighting for control of the ball.  Taylor with a slap ripped it out, Luni stood and backed up with her hands up, still looking into her glaze. Sneakers squeezed on the court floor. Luni tried to predict where her next throw would land. Taylor threw the ball so hard that the whistling sound it made echoed through the gym stage and into the courtyard. Luni rag-dolled to avoid the hit, missing her head. She twisted and turned prone towards her opponent.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Boundaries eliminated! Someone get out so we can leave.” The P.E. Teacher shouted. Taylor ran across mid-court toward the ball. With her mouth open, standing straight panting out of breath, Luni looked for what to do in the other girl’s eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">When she did this, an unexpected outcome occurred. What had her eyes told her to do? Those round beautiful brown eyes seemed to gleam back to her. Luni picked up the dodgeball, then tossed it up straight into the air towards the girl. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor caught the snail-moving ball, but only long enough to drop it. It was obvious to everyone in the room. It was on purpose. The whistle blew.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Kids. That was the worst dodgeball match I’ve ever seen. Makes me ashamed to be alive.” The coach said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor deliberately walked into Luni. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I don’t need your stupid pity. Looney.” Taylor said.  She walked away.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni turned to watch as Taylor walked into the locker room. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5 c6">She knows my name? Who is that?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">****</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Five years later, Luni and Taylor burst into the spare room of the Whisper’s Bay “Not a Magic Tea Shop”. Taylor knocked over all the vases on the window sill, spilling the dirt onto the floor. Luni followed close behind. Three seeds glowed in the dirt. Two of the white containers refused to break open. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Quick!” Taylor thrashed a vase upon the floor, trying to break it free. “You’ve planted these in a Marbonza trap!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni grabbed the other and tried to break its bone-like structure. She smashed it against the floor, and wall, brought it to the upstairs kitchen, and threw it against the counter. But nothing would break it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni cursed. “The people at the arena wouldn’t tell me anything…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“... of course, they aren’t going to tell you anything! If you win they lose money. These people don’t believe the grobobalopacus can come back, they think Barry will always defeat it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You keep saying grobobalopacus like it’s a real thing!” Luni shouted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It is a real thing! I have faced it!  Before I met you in high school.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The room went silent. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You lied to me. About how you were the entire time.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I tried to tell you. You didn’t listen.” Taylor gathered the seeds. “These need to be placed on the altar by the seal. If there is still enough life in them it might get you in so you can finish it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What do you mean to finish it? I’m playing mortal combat.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You must face the Grobobalopacus, to prevent it and the High wizard of Snufferclyd from returning. Is Braylynn in one of these seeds?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        Luni shook her head. Taylor yelled an incomprehensible noise and paced. 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        “Your…” Taylor cursed. “..up hasn’t doomed us all. Thankfully. There’s someone else who can help us. The only person who knows how to dismantle a Marbonza trap is Mr. Finkerhopper. He works at the library as a… why are you making that face Luni?”
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She lowered her head and looked away. “You mean. The nice doggo who walks too fast?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT HIM BEING A MORNING WARE-WOLF!!” Taylor shouted. “How do you already know all the secrets of Whisper's Bay?! You normals aren’t supposed to know any of this!”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        <br/>
        “Is that all I am to you? A normal?” Luni said. “I put up with your mood swings and aggressive affection and I’m like. Nothing to you. Still.”
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Ding ding ding.” Taylor rolled her eyes. “Winner Winner. Chicken dinner. Grand prize. You guessed the right price or whatever” She let out a string of curse words. “You’re so good at reading people!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Are you being sarcastic? Cause I hate it when you are…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why noooo I am not being sarcastic,” Taylor said.  “Where is Mr. Finkerhopper?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I left him at the library. Were you being sarcastic with me just then??”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor checked the time on her phone. “He should be off shift by now, he’s going to need a walk back if the lady who works there hasn’t taken him back to his house. Let’s go.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">They threw the seeds and vases in a box and ran downstairs. But they both stopped when a strange light reflected from under the counter. Luni let out a curse word at the sight she saw. Mr. Finkerhopper the wolf, had been turned to gold.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Tell me. You didn’t leave the rag of riches IN the dog bed.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay,” Luni said crossing her arms. “. I’m not going to tell you that. And hope that you figure it out on your own. Is that sarcasm?” </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Mr. Whitaker stumbled through the door. The top of his shirt was unbuttoned, and his hair was greasy. He yelled, frightening both of the women. They smelled on his breath he had spent the morning at the bar.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Where is my bartender? You were the last one to see Cali and Lizzie alive. Where are they?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni swallowed hard. “I don’t know anything.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        “You came into the bar yesterday. I don’t know anything about the shop next door. And you are . running the place like you own it.”
        <br/>
        <br/>
        “That is sarcasm,” Taylor said to Luni. 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        “And that magic of yours is why SEVEN people are missing. You have something to do with this and I’m going to prove it. I’ve already called the cops. They’ll be looking to talk to you. As soon as I can talk them into getting someone over here!”
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay Mr. Whitaker, time for you to go home,” Taylor said, approaching him as if he were a wild animal on the loose.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s time for someone to tell the dad gum truth for once. Especially you Taylor!” The light from the gold counter reflected into his eye.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Mr. Whitaker,” Taylor said in a sad, exhausted tone. “I’ve always tried to tell you. Always. I did everything I could. Everything. I promise. I miss Idis Mr. Whitaker.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Mr. Whitaker spit and spoke with his voice rumbling. “Don’t you talk about her! You are one of those! You could have saved her!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I wanted to. So much... Sometimes people get sick. You weren’t even there with her. I was!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The tea shop clock struck one. Birds again flew from nowhere and cleaned. Mice and squirrels entered from the back door to scrub the floors and complain about the work as one might do. But more, a stunned Mr. Whitaker's mouth dropped. He did a double take at the two women, then to the working animals. After a few moments, all the animals had left, except for one. An owl with a mail bag limped past Mr. Whitaker, looking like each step was a pain too tolerable to bear. Yet the creature kept walking, fighting for each step forward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Here you go.” The owl said to Luni. “Letter for you.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Before she could reply, it had turned around and closed its eyes. It walked back, holding its grunts and pains, as well as its tears, to itself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Come on Konigsberg.” He said. “Thirty-three more deliveries to make today.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        “Really? “ Luni said. “This is the life I wasn’t good enough for? Well darn. If only I were one of them rich crazy snobs who force animals to clean and deliver mail for some reason. All I needed for your love was to abuse animals. Like why even? This is what you picked? Over me?” 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        Mr. Whitaker charged at Taylor. He shouted and screamed like a man in pain. 
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You don’t know what I’ve been through! Magic should have saved my daughter!” He went at her again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">WACK.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Mr. Whitaker fell to the ground hard, knocked out. Luni stood over him holding the golden wolf statue, known as Mr. Finkerhopper.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Luni!” Taylor said. “What are you doing? I didn’t want to get anyone hurt!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I didn’t hurt Mr. Finkerhopper!” Luni shouted. “We gotta get out of here if the…gro…bow… bow…whatever before it gets out and starts killing people!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s Grobobalopacus! Help me get Mr. Whitaker into a bed.” Taylor said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni put the statue of Mr. Finkerhopper next to the register on the counter and went to help lift Mr. Whitaker. They dragged him to the secret flower room. They had considered placing him in the bed, but if he woke before they returned it would spell disaster.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Out of all the moments for it to happen, Luni received a text. She lifted the cell to her face with a look of sickness. The message from Kevin read: I messed up. I…</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She didn’t bother to read the rest. After putting the phone in her pocket, she lifted the box of vases and seeds and walked away to where Taylor’s pickup truck was parked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Whisper's Bay Arcadia Park sits on the opposite side of town from the beach access. It’s a wooded area where the cherry blossoms thrive in the spring and the pines seem to reach up forever. The park sat unused for most of the year. It is a cool place to hang out during the summer, and a few of the town's excessive festivals are held there when there isn’t space elsewhere. It’s a kind of  “So the tourists don’t come” sort of place. Luni could only watch as Taylor drove the pickup over the parking stop, tearing into the fresh grass. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">Of course she’s that kind of person. </span>
      <span> Luni thought. </span>
      <span class="c6 c5">What did I ever see in her?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni recognized her favorite tree, the main one at the park's center, one she had only seen in pictures. It’s trunk towering 50 feet above them with blue-green needled branches reaching out toward the sky.  The massive size Luni realized could not be captured in a photo. The sight felt too incredible to feel real. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0"> Her heart sank at realizing she was supposed to have been married there the day before.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni hung tight to the box of vases and seeds as she stepped onto the trucks side step. “Where do I take this?” She said, refocusing her attention. She expected to see an obvious altar or a sign saying “Place seeds here.” Magic did not seem to work that way on the coast. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor stepped out and searched the park, examining every object her eye passed. Luni spotted a dog, lying under a tree looking ill. This tugged at her heart to see a creature suffering, but she could not linger. She looked on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">In the middle of the park, a tent sat propped with a stake driven into Luni’s favorite tree. A man with round glasses and black hair emerged. He stood, looking stoic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Come on. He’ll know.” Taylor said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Who?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Barry Deicknine.” She said loudly in mid-stride.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The sight of her seemed to trigger something in his, and even Luni of all people could see this. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The man approached, looking tired wearing a ruffled and dusty suit. He cleaned his round glasses as they approached.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I have wait for an entire day! I work 80 hour weeks for this council, you could at least show up when you are supposed to!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">This broke Luni. “I don’tunderstand anything you crazy people do. How do I free these people so I can get far away from you nutcases?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Barry spoke in a deeper, poetic voice that echoed and seemed to stretch out far into the distance with an unnatural tone.  “You must follow your heart, and put aside all your fears and inhibitions. Especially if you, a non-magic user, wish to be the one who this year seals the Grobobalopacus in his place. Only the champion of Whisper's Bay can defeat such an evil! Only you… whatever your name is. Forgive me, someone told me but I forgot.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni sat the box down, as her phone buzzed. It was Kevin. By how the texts were written, missing letters and containing fragmented sentences, he seemed drunk. Again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You know what.” She said. “I’ve had about enough of all this magic stuff. Tell me what to do, in real words, I’m not here for a speech.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No one speaks to me like that,” Barry said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You can’t make demands of Barry Deicknine,” Luni,” Taylor said. “This is the most famous Whisper's Bayian in town. The one who saved us all. We owe all to him. If we like it or not.“ She rolled her eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I bet you are fantastic,” Luni said. “We got 7 people trapped in seeds and a Mr. Whitaker knocked out at the ‘not a magic tea shop.’ So hurry it up.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Barry scoffed. “No wonder we gave Braylnn a violation. I’ll see that Mr. Whitaker is taken care of. Go, champion. May luck find you on these grand trials of…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Shut it already,” Luni said. “I’ll do it myself.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">At this, Barry smiled. “Well. I hope you will be the first to survive the Grobobalopacus.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni’s face turned pale. Something inside of her wanted to drop the box and run away, far enough away so that no one in the bay could reach her. She looked at Taylor. Another feeling came. One that drove her to move her feet in search of the altar.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni noticed bright red mushrooms growing from the base of the pine. Weeds with tiny orange flowers grow scattered throughout the park's center. She put her hands on her hips.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">Where would an altar be? What am I looking for?</span>
      <span> She thought. </span>
      <span class="c6 c5">Why am I always looking for something?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Excuse me!” She heard a tiny voice cry. Konigsberg the mail-carrying owl approached from behind her, still limping in excruciating pain. “Another letter. And a book! Ow. Ow.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature walked to her. Luni knelt beside him, resisting the urge to cup the top of his head softly with her hands. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You know, you shouldn't have to do this if you hurt. This kind of life is not fair to you.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh no, This is what I got to do in life! It could be worse. I‘m not a cleaning bird! I’m thankful for that!  Good day to you.” The creature took a step, and Luni heard something in the owl's joints snap. He cried out in pain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m so lucky to do what I do.” He said in all seriousness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni realized she had not read the first letter either. She took it from her pocket and read it aloud.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The answer is in the book. - NBS.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Then she read the second letter: Please read your mail so that the poor owl doesn’t have to walk. NBS.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“NBS?” Luni mouthed to herself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What is this?” Barry asked her, drawing near.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She ignored him and looked at the one. It was the same book the librarian had given her. She flipped through its pages. Taylor stepped in front of her so that Barry couldn’t see the book. She turned to a page with a familiar tree drawn on it. The drawing had 7 holes outlined in red. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She placed one seed in the tree’s cavity. A root cracked through the seed and filled the space with a thick vine. A flower bloomed, and an orange orb appearing from the petals. Quickly she placed the remaining souls to their places. All, but ones caught in the marbonza traps. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She could see a person banging on the sides from inside the glass-like structure. Desprete to get out. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Do you have a hammer?” Luni said to Taylor in a fit of panic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You can’t get them out that way.” Barry chuckled, looking at the flowery lanterns.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Either help me or shut the hell up,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni grabbed the metal toolbox and used it as a battering ram, striking the bone vases as hard as she could. But they would not budge. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Nevermind. You did…” Taylor cursed. “...Us all.”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni clenched her teeth. She struck the vase hard that the truck reverbed a deep rumble that sent pine needs falling. The vase snapped in. Thorny vines sprouted and a black flower bloomed, almost tulip in appearance. Realizing what she had done, she did the same to the last seed with one decisive hit of the toolbox. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor stumbled back at the hideous sight of the flowers. “I don’t think those are supposed to look like that.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why is there a carrot in here?” Luni asked.  But she disregarded her question. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A red light glowed from within the center tree. The bark turned many colors as if splattered by an army of paintballs. Roots crawled, ripping the tent to shreds, and forming a circle. A light flashed. Moths with skull-like wings swarmed the park and the sunset seemed to set way before its time.  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You have found it,” Barry said, motioning with his hands to the root altar. “You must face it. Alone.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Are you coming or not Taylor?” Luni said taking a step forward.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I said alone,” Barry said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">But Taylor joined Luni, giving one last look to Barry before picking up the toolbox. They stepped into the circle together.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The two women found themselves on a gravel path, surrounded by warm fiery rocks. The smell of suffering lingered in the air. At the end of the path below the red sky, they saw a tall rock hut.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Barry is going to be ticked,” Taylor said. “The people will not like it when they learn I went with you. He doesn’t like me as is.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni shook her head. “I don’t like being with you either.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You think?” Taylor mocked. “The whole town worships the toe crack of that guy. We have to do everything he says now because he defeated the high wizard of Snuffercylde. It’s all ..” She cursed. “... to me.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What is a Snuffercylde?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s some wizards' fortress, a place hidden somewhere off the harbor. Come on. Let’s beat this Grobobalopacus.”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">They drew closer to the flimsy hut, held together by mud and tiny stones. Taylor set the toolbox on the ground and drew the carrot.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What is with the vegetable thing?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It is how we cast spells,” Taylor said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“So you are one of them.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No, I’m vegan.” She deadpanned. “That’s not important.” </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Admit it,” Luni said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s complicated.”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A loud groan came from inside, a sound so terrible that stones from the hut fell off onto the ground. A voice cried out.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s that time of year again. Oh dear me. Hold on. I’m coming.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">From inside an indescribable creature emerged, looking like it had escaped the depths of hell. It had many mouths and rotting teeth. Its claws had nails stretching far out from its twenty-some-odd fingers. The stench of the creature wafted in the air as it moved. Flowers sprouted with each step the creature took. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Alright, let’s get this over with.” It said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni shot Taylor a look. “I’m sorry, you’re the Grobobalopacus?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Thank you for using my name.” The creature said, coming to face Luni. “Most people call me bad names I don’t want to repeat. How would you like to beat me? Should I lay down, or do you want me to pretend to fight or…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Wait.” Luni stepped back. “I thought to free the people in the seven seeds we had to defeat you.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature looked concerned. “There’s people trapped in seeds? How awful. I hope you can get them out before some idiot tries to plant them.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni coughed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The creature is lying,” Taylor said holding out an arm. “Don’t trust it. It killed my parents. You have to be the one who kills it! Go!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature scratched its head with its weapon-like claws. “Lying? I don’t like hurting people. You monkey-looking critters are always the ones coming here, proclaiming you’re the champion of which or another. I don’t even know what’s going on. They want me to submit and be willing to give up my soul. I refuse. I love life too much. I want to watch every flower grow. And die. And sprout again, if it’s that kind of plant. Do what you want with me. I choose. LIfe.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature sighed. “I hate this Deicknine experiement. Hurry up so I can start healing and get ready for next year. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor seemed more confused. “We were told if you escaped this seal you would destroy the magic world. And the universe!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Who?” It asked. “You don’t the nice wizard with all the cats who brought me flowers? Last time I checked I couldn’t bring anyone back from the dead though…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        “One moment please,” Luni said to the Grobobalopacus and pulled Taylor to the side. “Look this might seem really obviously now but is it possible? That Deicknine is gaming with us? Cause I don’t think his judge of character is as good as he thinks it is.” 
        <br/>
        <br/>
        The creature waited, smiling, enjoying the pleasant company for a change.
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You have to beat it now Luni,” Taylor said. “Barry is a liar. But It’s trying to trick us. That thing has the souls of 20 people inside of it. Two that used to be my parents. It is an abomination and should not exist. Defeat it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni picked up a rock. Her arm swung back, preparing to thrust it at the creature. But she stopped. The beast had taken a step back and flinched. Something about how it held itself bothered her. She knew the look. She dropped the rock.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Pick it back up!!” Taylor yelled. “We can’t let it free! It’s the one time of year it can escape…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No,” Luni said. “I’m not going to hurt it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature’s eyes sad eyes turned to her. “Seriously??” It asked. “You aren’t going to bully me?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No.” She said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor's face shifted with the years of pain and anger. “If you are on its side, then you are not on mine!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay, Anakin.” Luni mocked before pausing and saying in an almost whisper. “Trust me.” </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Like the time you got us caught in the teacher's lounge?” Taylor said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor looked hard at the creature. Something about this whole thing seemed wrong. Before the two could agree on that fact, someone came walking up the path. With a radish drawn.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Enough.” Barry cried. He pointed the wand at Taylor. “No one will be escaping here but me. Drop the carrot.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor did as she asked and stuck up her hands. “Is this creature innocent? If so, whose fault is it?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That’s a pickle that’s too sour for you to taste,” Barry said. “It is the only way to bring the bond. It’s the only way to protect Whisper’s Bay from the oath breakers! I am only righting a wrong done to me.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You monster,” Taylor said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature sighed. “I’m sorry, I can’t help the way I look..”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Not you,” Taylor said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni picked up the carrot. He laughed. She knew she had tried it before, but she had to try something if she wanted to make it out alive.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The wand is useless to you. You are not one of us hwhitlock. You! You might be the one to free me from the bond with the high wizard! I can’t go back to being trapped in the darkness of eternity. The bond will be broken! ”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Barry bit his lip and cast a blazing fireball toward Luni. Taylor grabbed the carrot and yelled something sounding ridiculous, creating an icy shield around her. Some of the fireball broke through, leaving patches of her pants incinerated.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Flowerupercaucus!” Barry shouted, turning to Taylor. Vines sprouted from the rocks trapping her vegetable wand and arm.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni flung as many rocks as she could at him, but he waved the attack off with a spell of the radish. Taylor struggled to free herself of the vine, but the spell proved too strong. The creature ran to hide behind the rock hut, looking on helpless in a panic.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">In one last-ditch effort to save both of their lives, Luni picked up the wand. She pointed it at Barry. Knowing nothing would happen, but hoping deep down that by some miracle something would work.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Blaburtgilocous” Luni shouted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Nothing had happened. Until the creature snapped his fingers with a deafening sound. A flower sprouted on the carrot wand. Seeing this Luni shouted the spell again, and a beam shot towards the man, a blinding beam. The spell knocked Barry back ten yards, ripping the back of his suit jacket.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“How!” Barry cried.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The Grobobalopacus peaked its head from around its safe hut. “I fixed your weapon. I added power to it so that the useless person could use it. Did I do a good job?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yes, you did,” Luni said. “Blaburtgilocous!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Another beam shot out from the carrot at Barry. She kept repeating the word over and over until Barry no longer moved. She stood over him. The man, black and blue and one eye swelled shut tight, tried to lift his hand toward his weapon but could not.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Barry laughed through his injuries.  “You can kill me now. You can bring back Rovanaugh High Wizard. But I can come back from eternity. You cannot stop this curse. Taylor knows this better than anyone else. Don’t you Taylor?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Shut up Deicknine.” Taylor said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni passed the wand to Taylor. She shook her head. Instead, she picked up his radish. She cursed at him. A fireball erupted from the end of the radish. She kept cursing, over and over until nothing remained of the man known as Barry.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Luni. We are so…” Taylor cursed. She was right. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“He’s finally dead. I don’t have to suffer anymore.” The creature said, looking confused. “Do we still need to play checkers? I’ll let you win if you’d like.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No thanks, Grobobalopacus. Do you want to get out of here?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The creature cried tears of joy. “Yes! I can get us out of here!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Luni,” Taylor asked. “Is this a good idea? The chamber and council are going to freak out if they see him. What if…?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“We don’t have much choice. Even if Grobobalopacus was the most evil thing on the planet.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That might be best for us,” Taylor said with a frown. “Everyone thinks he is a murderer.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Grobobalopacus heard this and cried. “I try so hard to be nice to everyone!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No no!!! It’s okay! You’re coming with us, I'm sorry!!!” Taylor said. “Let’s go! It’s okay.” She began to walk but paused.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“When they find out Barry is dead, and the high wizard has returned? Everyone is going to come for us. We need to get out of Whisper's Bay as soon as possible.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The three emerged from where the root circle had been formed. The creature stuck out its neck into the fresh air and cried even more tears of joy. Luni and Taylor were relieved to see seven people lying on the ground, breathing. Their eyes were not open. As if they were in some sort of deep sleep.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">From nearby a woman called. “Fiddo!” She called the name several times before the sick dog under the tree moaned. The creature stopped and turned towards the noise. It walked over.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You poor furry creature.” It said, “You got a clump of sickness in you!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Grobobalopacus, we can’t stay, you can’t be seen or…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A few things happened before Luni could finish her sentence. The woman appeared, walking into sight of the dog. She saw Grobobalopacus open one of its jaws wide and swallow the dog whole, The lady screamed. She ran towards the creature and hit Grobobalopacus. It seemed too focused to notice her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni and Taylor watched the sight in a state of shock and disbelief. Until Mr. Grobobalopacus spit the dog on the ground. The wet dog wagged its tail and ran to its owner, running in a circle, full of life and energy barking. The woman took a few steps back as the creature coughed. With another of its mouths, it spits a small clump of tissue.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There you go furry thing.” He said. “All better now!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The woman had not seen the dog walk much less run in weeks. Although speechless, she tried to find words to thank the creature. The woman was so thankful that she helped load the seven people into Taylor’s truck. She did not question why they seemed to sleep, or why a weird thing like Mr. Grobobalopacus existed. She looked to Luni to be happy to have a healthy dog again.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor though, seemed troubled. Hopeless even. She stood crossing her arms, with her gaze staring out blankly. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">*** </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">They left the magically crafted sin against nature, or Grobobalopacus in the flower room, who cried so hard at seeing all the flowers it asked to be left there. Permanently. Just like Luni had wanted. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">So they left him in the magic room. And the two women soon after stood at the counter, downstairs in the shop, looking at where the door used to be. Deep in thought. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What does NBS mean?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Not’s Barry society.” Taylor tried to hide a chuckle. “The group who supports the high wizard over Barry. When the town learns what we know, this is going to get even worse.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What if this thing could have saved Mr. Whitaker's daughter?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor winced and turned away. The thought hit them both hard. But then they exclaimed together. “Mr. Whitaker!!! And Mr. Finkerhopper!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor lowered her head. “Mr. Whitaker knows everything, he’s going to tell the whole town!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“We can’t do anything to stop him,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“If the elders learn we killed Barry and the normals know their secrets, they are going to do worse to us than we did to him.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“We won’t let him,” Luni said, looking away. “Help me figure out how to get Mr. Finkerhopper back to a dog, so we can turn him back into a person so he can get back to his job at the library. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni turned to where she had placed the gold wolf statue on the counter. It was not there. Instead, a note sat where the dog had been. It read:</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">If you want the statue back, we can arrange a deal. I want my daughter back. I don’t care what evil magic you use. You know where to find me. If you refuse, the entire town is coming for you.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">With love, </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">
        <br/>
        Mr. Whitaker.
      </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Great,” Luni said. “How did he get out of here?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">They both heard a fragile voice creature walking towards them. Konigsberg, now unable to hide his pain in each step he took, held out a letter.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I forgot the second coupon the market.” He said, almost in tears. “The other guy I helped out of here took the first one. I wrote a theft report but I wouldn’t stay up waiting for a call. Here you go.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni and Taylor looked at each other.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Hey, Konigsberg?” Luni said. The owl nodded. “I’m not letting you out of this shop. This is sad.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“But,” Konigsberg said. “Who will deliver the mail?? If it wasn’t for me, no one would get their letters and packages!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There’s a thing called the internet now. And Amazon.” Luni said. “It’s time some of these people get with the times so that animals don’t have to suffer. You don’t have to carry mail anymore.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Konigsberg, to both of their surprise, wept tears of happiness.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni opened the secret door for the owl to join Grobobalopacus in the lake garden. After doing so, she turned to Taylor.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Let’s find a way to wake these people up so we can get out of here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Someone knocked on the door frame of the shop entrance. A woman stood with a purple under-bust and a round hat. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Where is Berry?” She asked, her words sharp. The woman looked around before revealing an asparagus. She tapped on the frame, creating a new set of glass double doors.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <hr style="page-break-before:always;display:none;"/>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <h1 class="c7" id="h.7d7dt33cypdh">
      <span class="c3">Episode 5: That Darn Marigold</span>
    </h1>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">After three days of seeing the teenage girl sit alone at an outside lunch table, Luni could take no more. Crossing the entire outdoor space she walked and sat  beside her. She dropped her bookbag and found her lunch half squished by her psychology textbook. A green apple and peanut butter sandwiches. The girl glared at her as Luni bite in the tart frut. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What are you doing?” Taylor asked asked with a frown.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni tried to smile. “HI. You won the. Um. Lottery of friendship.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor narrowed her eyes towards the girl. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I didn’t sign up for anything. I know a scam when I smell one. I almost signed up for a Future Treats job once.” She said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni shook her head. “Shhh, let me adopt you.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That’s a freaken creepy thing to say to someone.” Taylor for a moment shifted away from her but hesitated. “You trying to be my friend or steal my kidney?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why can’t it be both?” Luni said. “It’s good to keep spares.” </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Well, you can’t have my kidney. They are among my favorite body parts.” Taylor said,</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“We can haggle.” Luni said “Why don’t you have food? I can do a kidney for a peanut butter sandwich. Raisin bread spread over both pieces of bread with marshmallow topping.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor closed her eyes. “I’m not hungry.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Not believing her, Luni slid half her sandwich to her. The girl looked at it, then rolled her eyes. She picked it up and took a bite, eating half of the slice in one gulp. She chewed with a smile on her face.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay,” Taylor said. “I won’t eat you then. But don’t let me win in dodgeball ever again”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni had a thought but decided not to voice it. Instead, she reached into her bag towards the bottom.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I also have some candy corn if you want it?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“By the order of the Scirgemot, tell me where our Cyning is!” Livanna shouted across the tea shop. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Five years later, Luni’s mouth dropped as her mind realized that all those strange words veryone on the coast kept saying aloud meant something somehow. She looked at Taylor who shook her head and waved her hands.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni, not understanding her gestures, asked anyway. “Sher-goot-mot?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Kima, I instruct you to keep the hwhitlock silent unless she is going to answer my question. Where is Barry.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why are you calling her Kima?” Luni said. “Her name is Taylor.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor held her face in her hands. “That is my hwhitlock name,” She said  “My real name is Kimama. It means butterfly. Taylor is my Scirgemotian name. We don’t know where Barry is.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni’s eyes widen. “No. You’re lying. You. HId your name from me? The whole time? What else are you hiding?.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor rolled her eyes. “Not now! Barry left after we got back, defeating the Grobobalopacus. We don’t know where he went Livanna.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">At hearing this Livana circled the two women, inspecting them with her rain cloud color eyes. She adjusted her purple flower stuck between her ears. “Barry Deicknine would not leave. Her purple corset seemed to glow . Biting her lip, she reached out her hand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Give me any gar’s you are carrying.” She instructed them.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni tilted her head, staring at Livana .Taylor took the carrot from her hands and turned it over to Livanna. The realization struck.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor had Barry’s radish wand.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Why does the non-Galdorian have a gar but you do not, Kima?” She asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You have said so yourself, my family are half hwhitlocks and we should not partake of the Scirgemot’s traditions.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni’s eyes shot to Taylor. “You are a half-wit?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The two women groaned. Livana bared her white teeth. “How is the champion of Whisper's Bay so ignorant? And a full hwhitlock. I, the acting cyning, sentence you both to Glardor scol. You will be held there until you pass. Or until Barry is found, and his side of the story is told…” Livana stopped and winced at Luni’s raised hand. “... Yes? Or are you going to ask what Glardor scol is”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni nodded. Nervously. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’ll let you find out for yourself. If I find out you are lying to me, and something has happened. I will make sure your last memory of life is unpleasant.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">From her pants pocket, Livana pulled out a long okra and whispered, “Fiwikapapul!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">In a flash, Luni and Taylor were teleported out of the room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The two women found themselves in an old classroom, surrounded by other adults. Standing around, chattering, wearing 18th-century colonial clothing. Three women wore pastel garments, and the two men wore large blue and red tweed coats. Old yellowing posters littered the walls with things like “We are chosen” and “Work Hard, suppress your feelings. Don’t question anything.” written on them. Serval old small desks sat nearby with numbered packages on them. Purple-tinted windows let in a dull light that made seeing in the room difficult.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A wrinkly-faced lady sat at a large oak desk in the middle of the room, with an old dusty chalkboard behind her. She was seated so that she could glance 360 degrees around the room to view her students at all times. She tapped on her watch and looked at the door as if expecting someone to walk through it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor reached down to pat her pocket and whispered to Luni. “If anyone finds out we have Barry’s radish wand, we are F-ed in the A.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni blinked in confusion. “Where are we?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The old woman rapped her knuckles on the desk to get everyone's attention.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Magic adult education school,” Taylor said. “It’s sucks. There is no escape. The only way out is by passing the stupid standardized test. The town makes a lot of money off of funding and grants, so they are super annoying about it. The test is multiple choice and meant to confuse you, pick either B or C, whichever sounds better.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni crossed her arms. “I hate you. So much.” She said, meaning every word. “I gave you everything. And you couldn’t even tell me your real name.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“And you are a walk in the park on a sunshiny day.” Taylor scoffed. “So glad you know everything about my everythought without having to check with me first. That really saves you time i bet.” </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Oh yeah. I’ve learned to shorten it into Taylor speak. Which is: You suck. And never cared about me at all. You’d rather stay here and play magic with all these west coast weirdos.” </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Everyone!” The woman said in a raspy high-pitched voice that sounded like nails on a chalkboard. “Get a number from the sorting Boot and sit down! Open your package, but DO NOT share what is inside with anyone!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A loud cry followed by a whimper rang out. A black leather boot on the desk seemed to be distressed. The outsole of the boot, separated from the welt or top of the shoe, quivered.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Please, let me die.” The boot said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The woman screamed. “DO YOUR JOB! And you better have removed that ONE package by that ONE former student! The one of whose name we no longer speak!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">One of the women with blond pony tales and a light green dress approached the crying boot. “4.” It said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni and Taylor did as the woman asked, and were assigned the numbers 5, and 7, they seated on the opposite side of the room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Unwrapping the thin paper package, Luni found a handwritten note along with broccoli and a heart-shaped toothy leaf with a mild hint of a mint scent. The note read:</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“If you are kind to them, they will forever be your friends. Even if they don’t act like it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The old lady wrote her name across the chalkboard. Forcing everyone to cover their ears to dampen the horrible scratching sound.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I am your instructor, Ms. Darfinicous. I have been teaching the Glardor school education slash re-education class for over thirty years. You are here because you lack the basic abilities to live. The only true way is to follow the Scirgemotian rules…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The old woman felt the need to write everything she was saying as she said it on the chalkboard. Luni’s hand rose, to Taylor’s horror, to stop the noise.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What is a sher-gee-mot?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Ms. Darfinicous slammed her fist into the desk. “Do not speak unless you are instructed to! Scirgemot is the old English term that means “shire assembly”. This is the name of our assembly of Galdorians. I’m going to assume from the hwitlock and the half-wit in the room that you don’t know what that means either. Galdorian is our term for a magic user.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That’s really dumb,” Luni said, speaking when not asked to speak. “This is lame. Did anyone workshop these names at all? Why refer yourself to such a hard name to say? Couldn’t you call yourselves something else? Like Wizards and Witches, or you could be the Wizards of the coast…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">A large puff of smoke burst out of nowhere in the back of the room. Golden flakes flew everywhere. A man with salt and pepper gray hair stormed Luni, shaking his fist.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Cease and desist!” He shouted, with his face flush.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni looked to Taylor, who shrugged, not knowing what the man was talking about.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The man said pointing a finger in Luni’s face. “That name is a trademark of my clients, the TRUE wizards of the coast, and is NOT to be used without written permission!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Ms. Darfinicous approached the mad lawyer and put her hands on her hips. “Devin. I’ve asked you many times not to show up to my class unannounced. This hwhitlock doesn’t know anything…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“That doesn’t matter!” He yelled to her. “The Scirgemots have agreed to this through ratified arbitration! You are a gathering of Galdorians! Not to be confused with a gathering of magic!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’ll take care of it!” Ms. Darfinicous shouted motioning the lawyer out of the room. “You. hwhitlock. Approach the whiteboard. Start writing ‘ will not use registered trademarks without permission’ until your arms fall off!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Reluctantly, Luni did as she was asked. Devin watched for a few moments before nodding and exiting the room again in a burst of smoke.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Coastal galdorians are picky and territorial.” Ms. Darfinicous said, returning to the other side of the chalkboard from Luni. “This comes from a very grave misunderstanding that took place in 1692 in the Massachusetts area. To settle that… mistake, we, being the descendants of the original Scirgemots identify as Galdorians. We are the chosen people. One’s who have been gifted with the power of Glador. Or “Magic” for you hwhitlock.” She gave a cold hard look to Luni.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There will be a written test with all I have told you in it. As soon as the messenger owl shows up. Until then, using the notes and materials passed down from former students you are to bless a gar with a unique power!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“How do you do that?” Luni asked. Taylor Winced again as Ms. Darfinicous slammed her fist down on the desk. “Doesn’t that hurt?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“STOP. SPEAKING. Return to your seat and do as I told.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“.. how? I don’t know how to use magic? Or. Glar power?” Luni asked again. Ms. Darfinicous pointed to where she had been sitting before. “No, I’m not a… gladorian, I don’t know how…”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“If you have been sent here, you must have some ability or knowledge. Champion of Whisper's Bay. Do as I say or I’ll transfer your soul into a boot as well!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The sorting boot let out a loud sob before whispering out:  “Why won’t anyone help me?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni saw Taylor’s expression on her face from across the room. She tried to look around to see what the other students were doing. But they were so fast in whatever they were saying or doing that she had no idea what was going on. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">How am I supposed to do this without any powers?</span>
      <span> She thought. </span>
      <span class="c6 c5">Am I supposed to feel something in my veins? Or silence my mind until I am numb and don’t want anything? Like normal? Do I get down with the sickness? I’m being punished for not doing something I don’t know how to do. It feels like high school all over again. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">For several minutes Luni stared at the note, leaves, and broccoli. Hoping something inside her would awaken and make the objects do something. They did not. She watched as a man beside her used a tomato to change the top of his desk into a wet rice field.  Next to him, a woman tapped an asparagus and her dress changed into a silly chicken costume, full of a wooden beak mask.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Ms. Darfinicous walked around the room, pushing up her glasses. “Yes yes.” She said. “Very nice. Artinius, is that a lamp root? Very lovely.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni’s heart sank as Ms. Darfinicous approached her desk. She searched around the room, then at the objects on her desk in desperation.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“And the hwhitlock? Show the class what you have blessed. Stand up.” She said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni did as she was asked. With the broccoli in her hand, she raised it towards the ceiling and said “Blaburtgilocous!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Everyone gasped. Then the room fell silent. Taylor placed a hand over her mouth and turned red. Luni searched the faces of the students and instructor, who were acting as if she had said a curse word or fired off a gun.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What… did I say?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The forbidden glador!” Someone shouted.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Get in front of the class NOW!” Ms. Darfinicous said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I don’t understand, everyone in the arena was saying it.” Luni said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Ms. Darfinicous removed something from under the desk and held it up for everyone to see.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“The stool of repentance.” She said. “Stand on it.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“NO! That’s messed up! She doesn’t know any better!” Taylor shouted, standing to her feet. Luni shrugged, not getting why standing on a stool would be so bad.  Reading her face and knowing that she did not understand how in trouble they were, Taylor went on. “When you stand on it, it forces you to admit EVERY wrongdoing! EVERY ONE.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni’s mouth dropped. Barry’s wand was still in Taylors pocket. If she stood on the stool she would blurt out that they had killed Barry.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I won't say it again.” Luni plead.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Ms. Darfinicous opened a drawer and removed a green ear of corn. She pointed at Luni. “I am not going to tell you again.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It is messed up you treat people this way!!” Luni shouted at her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Without moving her lips, Ms. Darfinicous caused her gar to send out a shock from the end of the corn cob hitting Luni’s hand. It burned throughout her body. Luni gritted her teeth trying to fight the pain.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I can make it so that you wish for death. Stand on the chair!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni stood. “No.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Ms. Darfinicous cast the glador again. Luni doubled over in pain. Taylor ran to the front of the room, only to be met by Ms. Darfinicouses burning shockwave. She fell at its touch. Taylor tried to stand to her feet, but she couldn’t. The pain was so great that she could not even move her fingers. It burned within every part of her body. The other students looked on in horror as the instructor picked Luni up and stood her on the stool. Luni spoke confessing the worst thing she’d ever done.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">"I don’t even like Kevin,” Luni said, with no control over her words. “I searched so hard for my place in life that I was willing to settle for anything. The one person I love, the one I’ve always loved, I can’t have. I tried to destroy every trace of us from existence in every way possible. But like marigolds, it somehow keeps coming back year after year. I thought I had salted the earth, but the marigolds are back. Covering everything I try to touch. It’s grown so big I don’t know how to get rid of it. I don’t want to get rid of it. But I don’t know how. I don’t want to. I keep looking for them in every relationship, knowing it’s a poor substitute for that” She cursed. “marigold. My feelings are not her responsibility. I want to stop being angry. But I can’t. I want to keep you. But I know I can’t.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor’s hands did not leave her mouth as she listened. Luni thought she saw tears in her eyes The darkest wrongdoing of Luni’s life had been told, in front of everyone. When she had finished, Taylor blew out her cheeks and let out a long deep sigh. At least their secret was safe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What was that gibberish about!” Taylor said pulling her off of the stool back onto the classroom floor. “You were supposed to tell your deepest darkest thing you’ve ever done!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni blushed and hung her head. “I did.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Enough.” Ms. Darfinicous said, walking back to her desk. From another drawer, she took out a piece of lettuce and a radish. “Everyone who has blessed a wand take your lunch and come with me. I’m not waiting for that owl with the standardized tests any longer. We are going to the backup plan for passing this course. We are traveling to the abandoned Snufferclyde tower. Once we are there I will tell you what the assignment is. hwhitlock, stay here until you bless a gar. Only then will the door unlock and you can be transported to where we are. Why is your hand up again?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni swallowed, ready to be shocked again for speaking. “If you can teleport anything everywhere why do you have a messenger owl?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“We take care of our own. That is all that matters.” Ms. Darfinicous grumbled.  “Everyone. Get a move on. Keep your lunch light.”  </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni watched everyone leave the room. She thought about how horrible these people were. Yes, magic seemed to be wonderful, but as with so many things in life, she realized that something ugly covered something so beautiful. As much as she wanted to belong to something, why would anyone want to belong to a group so mean?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c5">It feels like dating Kevin. </span>
      <span class="c0">She thought while hiding her face in her hands.   </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Who were you talking about? On the stool?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni looked up to see Taylor standing in front of her. How could she not have known? Was she playing dumb? She must have been. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You know which candy corn hater I was talking about.” She said. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor shook her head. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You can’t be honest. About anything. Can you.” Luni said. “I’ll be okay. Go with the others. I’ll find a way out of here.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor placed her hand on her shoulders and felt Luni shiver. She had always been sensitive to her touch, but something about this made Taylor bite her lip. Releasing her hand, she went on.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You know that. I. We. can’t.” Taylor stopped. Luni hung her head. The feelings stirred in the pit of her stomach. She hated feeling this way. </span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You heard what I said. Did you not?’ Luni said. “Go before that lady freaks out.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Taylor nodded. “Promise me that when you get to the tower you will not go off on an adventure or anything. Find a way to get to me, and I’ll help you pass. There’s. Things you don’t know about me. That would. Might. Change what you think of me.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni turned away and said almost in a whisper. “There is nothing that could do that.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni felt Taylor’s hand on hers. They looked into each other's eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I only wanted to be in the play so you’d be there to help me learn my lines. I don’t even like acting.” Taylor said, finally looking away. She hung her head and left the room.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’m such an idiot,” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The boot snickered in a sob. Its color seemed drained, which seemed weird for a piece of footwear and not a person. Luni approached it.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I thought giving you that package would work. It didn’t, I’m never getting out of here.” It said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She shrugged her shoulders and bent down to face the boot at eye level.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You know.” The boot said. “The package was created by…. Rovanaugh. The High Wizard of Snufferclyde.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Something tapped at the window. Luni turned to see a cat sitting on the other side of the glass. It pawed, then walked in circles along the outside edge of the brick.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni turned back to the boot. “Why does Rovanaugh get to be called a wizard?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Again the cat pawed the window and let out a loud cry.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“He is an Oathbreaker.” The sorting boot. “He is pure evil. I handed out every package hoping someone was going to get a gar that could turn a boot back into a human. But your package did nothing. And now. Neither of us are leaving. I don’t want to be here!” It once again broke down into tears.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni stood up and approached the window. The cat was black and slim with a bell around its neck. Something shiny sat next to it. Why would the creature want inside so bad? She looked around to see if there was a bag of cat food or something inside but didn’t see any reason for it to be so desperate to get inside. Its black vertical slit seemed to swirl as it stared at her.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Please don’t let the cat in.” The boot said. “If there are three of us trapped in here forever it’ll start getting crowded. I want to keep my seniority.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni shook her head and unlatched the window. As soon as she lifted it the creature took hold of the shiny object in its mouth and leaped into the room. Its fur was soaking wet. It walked with long strides to where Luni had been sitting to the number 5 package. It jumped onto the desk and dropped the object. It looked at Luni, then nodded. Then the creature bent down and took hold of the leaves in its mouth. It walked, taking steps of joy along the way, out of the room and back through the window.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni walked to the desk and picked up the object, inspecting it. It was made of brass and curved on both sides.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What is it?” The boot asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“It’s a fishhook.” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The door glowed and spoke in a booming deep voice.  “Good work. Your gar has been crafted. Please enter me to join the others.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni could hardly believe her eyes. She took the broccoli and began towards the door. But before she could reach for the knob, she turned back to face the boot. Placing her hands on her hips, she asked. “Why were you turned into a boot?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I wasn’t turned into a boot. I’m in a boot. Cause Ms. Darfinicous is a narcissistic psychopath who teaches to tame her control kink. Like most teachers.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Again Luni shrugged and narrowed her eyes.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“My soul was transferred into this boot. Dooming me to assign seats for the rest of time. Until I can get out.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You didn’t consent to being a boot?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Who would consent to that?” The boot asked. “Please take me with you. Please please please, I don’t want to look at those inspirational posters for one more minute. I’ll be that thing the hero takes along with them that helps them win the day! I promise!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">An idea came. She picked up the boot and walked over to the stool, still out in front of the desk. The boot screamed.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“No! Don’t do that! I didn’t do anything! Okay, listen, I’ll tell you the truth okay? I… am.. A king. My soul was captured so that others could steal my kingdom!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni shook her head. “First of all, I’m not kissing you. Second of all, I know I’m a hhwhitlock and all but I wasn’t born yesterday. You had to have done something for your soul to be, what was it? Put in an object?”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Trapped.” It pleaded. “If you release me, I’ll grant you three wishes!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yeah, I don’t think so.” She said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She placed the boot on the stool. It confessed every sin.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I walked across the street without looking! I cheated on my taxes! I have never tipped my pizza driver! Please please, get me off of this thing… I OWNED A HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“There it is.” Luni said, taking the boot off of the stool. “Back on the desk, you go. Enjoy assigning seats for the rest of existence as a piece of leather.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You don’t understand, I was wrong to profit on people's illnesses! I was a piece of trash!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Yup. And now you’re a boot, that’s a vast improvement. Goodbye.” Luni said.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I’ve been in this classroom for 30 years! You and your… whatever she is… need an expert.  I’ve heard every lecture about everything gladorian! I’m your knowledge boot.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“You going to charge me a co-pay? Premium?” Luni asked, walking faster towards the door.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“I know how to get to the top of the castle! If you can reach the highest room, you pass the class! We can help each other out. Please! Take me with you, I beg of you!”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">Luni stopped. She put her palm to her forehead and thought for a moment. There seemed to be so many magical items around. How was one supposed to know what to do with them? She didn’t like making these kinds of decisions, especially not one involving an ex-health insurance company owner. But the boot had a point. If it knew in the insides of the tower she and Taylor would escape the horrible magic class. She could get back to waking Braylynn and Cali up and out of those bone vases and out of Whisper's Bay for good. But could the boot be trusted?</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">She decided to risk it. She sighed and picked the boot up. The cat jumped back through the window and approached her, tugging at her shoe.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“What you coming too?” Luni asked.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The cat licked itself.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">“Okay fine, everyone is going.”</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">The door opened, growing bright with light from the other side. Luni, carrying the boot and being followed by the cat walked in. The bell around the cat's neck rang out as it walked in an ominous tone.</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c2">
      <span class="c0">***</span>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <hr style="page-break-before:always;display:none;"/>
    <h1 class="c4" id="h.n1kugampbv68">
      <span class="c3"/>
    </h1>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
    <p class="c1">
      <span class="c0"/>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
